This recording, Michigan 8, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Come and get secure, is copyright Douglas N. Anrov, Jill McCullough, and Papa Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. She was so very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket. Picked up her knit and headed for work. Her kid, sorry. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally, you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling, Kama, Kama, Kama, Kama, Kama? Which Sarah thought was an old choice for a name? Kama was strong and huge, so I thought it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered, she administered ether. Her effects were not futile, in no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto Kama and her and give her a relaxing bed. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. It's a bedroom community of market and. It's a bedroom. It's a nice. It's a place to grow. A lot of people bring their families there because it's a safe place and they have some good schools. And, yeah, people know each other. It's a safe place to rear. And, it's a great place. I wanted to leave upper Michigan because it's very isolated, just be yourself because if you don't think with insight the box, the people kind of think that you're strange and odd. I think that I was strange and that's kind of the time. That's when in the theater because it gives you an excuse to be strange and odd. That's when in the theater. And so, yeah, so my parents wanted me to go to Northern Michigan University, which is race in Mark Kent and it's about, I don't know, about 15, 20 minutes away from my house. But I wanted to go to Western because it was basically the furthest you could get away from from Michigan and still be in the same state with Live. But they had a great theater program here too. So that's the reason I came down here. And, but yeah, there's a lot. One of the greatest things I like going back up through to do is from Upper Michigan, a couple of places in Wisconsin and in Northern Lower Michigan, go and they all bring their art and it's a culmination of like a festival and art show. And they have all this art on the rocks and they have these little h-heels kind of set up on the rocks out there and you can go and see different people's art and they're really unique. It's similar to different art festivals and kind of fairs. But it's really a culminating like this whole week of different things that are going on. People go to sing and this musicians are there playing their instruments as well. And there's, you know, you get the occasional fire eater and kind of Renaissance festival kind of show as well as there's a lot of food there too. People in Upper Michigan are quite huge because they like to eat foods and everything was made with large like pasties. Pasties are a delicacy. A lot of the finished people started pasties there. That's where kind of the the accent comes from is the the the the Chinese folks and the other folks from Scandinavia also brought a different are so if you ask for a garden medley you'll get one that's made with vegetable shortening which is the you which is just as good for you as large and there's it's very heavy food that the miners used to use. You could eat it within this little kind of little pancakes and you could push it up and eat it. It's kind of like self-contained meat pie and it's really good. They also have go first which are like heavy duty waffles and they have different different kind of styles. You can get ones with fruit inside of a more chocolate chips or something like that and they're they're good but usually these are some other. It's not good like syrup or sugars or things like that so it's so they're made unhealthy and what else could it get? Could it get? The it's the italians out there. They they like to have could it get is basically like an inverted pizza. It's where the sausages inside it's really spicy meat and it's in case in bread. You can get chopped up mushrooms on that too. Green pepper. It's really good. It's good. It's a good piece of good stuff. And yeah, that's that's the UP. We're also known as ubers up there. But that's that's usps.