This recording, Michigan 15, is Copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comigates a cure, is Copyright Douglas and honor of Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the Saratory. So she was very happy to start a new job as a super private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. The area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and hid it to fork. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which is surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made it a sedatory mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for her name. Cama was strong and huge so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally she administered ether, ether. Her efforts were not futile and no time the goose began attire so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times across the penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. Who would have to be behind freeze tag, or spider and flies, or Mr. Fox, Mr. Fox? It's like this game where the Fox is like who is the person who's it, so they stand down at one end. All the other people stand back, the thing that Fox has is back turned. So you say Mr. Fox, Mr. Fox, what time is it, and then he'll give you a time, and depending on the time, you take however many steps you want. The time is to get to him, you can take long steps, small steps, whatever you choose. And when he says midnight, yeah, when he says midnight, you have to like get past him, or else he'll like get you and eat you basically. So I grew up in Detroit at a time before it's current gentrification stage. And it was, I wouldn't say that it's necessarily a good place to be. Just be wary of what's going on around you, and be careful. I remember one time, I'll give you three different stories, one time when I was in high school, I was in like my ROTC class. And I guess this guy got held up at gunpoint, like right by my classroom on the stairwell for his glasses, because like the guy I guess he had like expensive glasses. And like some guy who didn't even go to our school had like broken the school and was like, robbed him at our school, so that was weird. Or another time when I was on the bus going home, this guy, like I didn't know at the time, but I found out afterwards when I got home, because it was on a news like this guy who was on the bus had like an AK-47 in his pants. Like he had like big jaw pads on, I guess, and like we saw he was like making a lot of noise, but like he got off the bus, and he like went, he like shot up some people with like a sort of news afterwards. Or in my high school, the like sheriff's, when county sheriff's just always be there, like bark there because gangs and stuff used to always be around. Like this one time, this girl got shot in her leg while we were like leaving school, because every time we leave school, like they were always ready, and they used to be like pepper sprayed tear gasses. I mean, it was kind of just life there, so like it was kind of normal, I guess. First grade, she was, I don't know, I don't even know why I had a crush on her, I don't know, I think it was just because she was like smart, like I was, you know, and like not everyone was at the same level. In school, yes, I mean, I don't know, I've been blamed for stuff. I didn't do a lot. It's like, okay, so one time I was living with my guardian who was my cousin at the time, and his baby mama's baby mama's son broke his umbrella. And I told him that his baby mama's in a burger's umbrella, he bled me for it, he had mad at me, and like it was pissed, and beat me up. What happened? No, no. I left. I mean, I went to a cousin, and then like ended up leaving there too, and went to another cousin, and that situation wasn't too good, and then I graduated from high school, and then I just don't really go back there.