This recording, Iowa 3, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gilmour Colour and Barbara Somerville. Well here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veteran airing nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking, even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She had bowls of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long that itchy goose began to stred around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally she administered ether. However, it's not futile. In no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her relaxing back. Once Sarah had managed her right side, then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. In soybeans, the cows were dairy cattle, so that was fun trying to milk them when we were kids. He had the funniest names for them. Instead of normal names, he would call them blackie, little blackie, big blackie, white face. Next was one of them. There was Mama and Heifer, which is funny because Heifer's haven't had cows, so they don't produce milk. This one had had a cow's milk. Growing up in that area was a lot of fun. Now that my grandpa has passed especially, I love going back to the farm and just hanging out and walking around on the on.