This recording, Iowa 2, is copyright the international dialect of English Archive. Come and get to cure, is copyright Douglas and honor off, Jill McCullough and Barbara Summavill. Well, here's the story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian who had been working daily at the end of the story. and a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking, even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plane, yellow dress, and a police jacket. She picked up her kit, and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a ghost waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease. Which was surprising because normally, he would expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to spread around the office like a lunatic, which made it unsanitary baths. The goose is older, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Colour was strong in huge, so it would take some force to transfer, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried to at least drop in the goose's lower back with her paw. She was saying it to her. Finally, she had been a stranger to eat there. Her efforts were not as subtle. Either five or six times the cost of trying. I can't imagine pain. A dormitory, which at that time was all women. And it ended up with a roommate who was very near the area, who was from the area that I was also struck. In fact, we both grew up on a farm, and our farms were only six miles apart. We did not know each other however. That was a great fund as a roommate. We did not know each other. We did not know each other. We did not know each other. We did not know each other. We did not know each other. We did not know each other.