This recording, Uta 3, is copyright the international dialect of English Archive. Come and get to cure, is copyright Douglas and honor off, Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was an veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job in a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking, even so. On her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket. Picked up her kit and headed for work. Once she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only suspect to see that in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an incantitarian mess. The goose's owner, Miss Mary Harrison, kept calling comma. comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trapper, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune for her. Finally, she administered, then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times they cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. In Utah, I lived, I was born here in 1991, and I lived on and off here since then, and I'm 19 now, so probably about, I would say, 17 years, because the other year, I lived in Cincinnati. When I was in fourth grade, all the fourth graders always go to a ski resort, and they learn to ski. It's like a thing everybody does, so everybody knows how to ski, and set for my siblings who all like to snowboard. I'm not a big fan, but rock climbing, and I kept climbing and I was super afraid that they would try to ram me and like, I don't know, pain. I was afraid of that.