This recording, Colorado 3, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and Onoroff, Gil McCuella and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street tower. That area was much here for her and more to her liking, even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress in a police jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work, which got there and there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official better from the bed. The matter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you wouldn't expect to see a dinner dog or a goat, Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to straddle around the office like a greener tick, which made an unsanitary nurse. The moose is over, Mrs. Harrison kept calling Comma. Comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for name. Comma was dumb and huge, so it would take some forced to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her poem, then singing a tune to her, finally she administered either her effects were not futile. In no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to Comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on a right side, then Sarah confirmed the bed's diagnosis, almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of paying Sarah. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harriet parents, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a pair of fair price for a cure. I was born in Rocketford, Colorado, but my folks just went there with the hearing, because for counting most of her lives on her hands and south of Westclare, it's I mean you should think, when we were first born we, it was him that time when the depression was going on and so things were a little rough, but we had a good life, we used a course used courses to put up the hay and so I'm not that right, just Google either walked or wrote horses, went in a buggy event and then gradually we got lights and telephone and more modern. I went to a secondary school with eight grades, we course there was only about 17 pupils in a whole school average and so some grades there wasn't a pupil there. We right up ahead a few sheep and cows, so we there weren't just three girls so we learned to work in the fields as well as help in the house some always, we worked quite a few cows and I would have to milk cows before I went to school and so you milk cows and then you changed in your school clothes and when you got home you changed it back into your clothes before you went milk to feed the pigs and the chickens and brought in the wood and things like that.