This recording, Colorado 6, is copyright the international dialects of Inksharkai. Come and get to cure, is copyright Douglas Enanraf, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Prairie was a version of nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo and had deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job. And a super private practice in North Square in your duke street tower. That area was much near of her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a boulevard to check herself in her mirror and lost her face in her hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth of these which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sent in until so that made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Long before or before long, the itchy goose began to start around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling Koma Koma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Koma was strong and huge. So it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently, stroking the goose's lower back with her palm. Then singing in tune for her, finally she administered either. Her efforts were not fuel, and no time the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold onto Koma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to be the good, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah came from the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times because of Psyllin. I can't imagine paying so much to put in a satiris, and I'm really nowhere I thought it was a fair price for her here. Well, I was born in Denver, and my grandparents are here all of them. So I moved here when I was going into sixth grade, so probably I was about 12, and I hated it, and I cried a lot a lot a lot, but then I actually really fell in love with it, and I'm really glad that we moved here. And it's fine because a lot of people will have the same sort of the hate it's so much, and there's nothing to do, but new friends got to do, and we all go to the bowling alley a lot, and a lot of times we don't really use a bowl, and there's really that where this swimming pool is like the biggest thing to do, and I really really goes to the swimming pool. But then we all along board down Main Street at night. Everybody crews is Main Street, and I trust all the younger kids, of course then. My mom actually said that she did that when she was younger, that everybody would just pile into a vehicle, and just screw them and down, and everybody sits in the school parking about and talks, and we always go to the lake, and I always just hang out at people's houses. It's definitely a lot different than, you know, a big city where you can just go to Walmart or the mall or whenever you want to hang out, I mean, you have to really find something to do, and use your imagination, but it's one of the fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we pay you so much to you.