This recording, Colorado 5, is copyright the International Director of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor off Jill Mackella and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see in a dog or a goat. Sarah was a bit sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before along the itchy goose began to straddle, a straddle around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling comma comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Comma was a strong and huge. It would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered either her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped off her wiped off with a, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed that that's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times that the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lot, lawyer, but it was a paraphrase for a cure. I was born in Florence, Colorado and but it had about lived in Westcliffe, I grew up in Westcliffe and grew up out south of the town in on the ranch, a woman ranch, so I grew up doing all the animals in the forage projects and writing horses and helping the native fields in the summer. And I showed pigs and lambs and my horse too, I loved that, I always showed horses and in the rodeo did barrels and the different things like that, so that was a lot of fun. Growing up, that was pretty much my favorite thing to do was the time of year that I liked was the fair time and being in the fairgrounds and in rodeo and all that. That was really the best time of the year when I lived for over two all year and then of course we'd sell our animals and make a little money and then we'd go to Poblo and shop and go to the state fair at Poblo and that was a big treat every year to do that and I still loved to do that and take my kids there, so that's fun. I met a high school here and graduated here and then went to Denver and so I actually went to school in Greeley and Annem Boulder and then in Denver. So I went to Metro State and Denver and it really loved my time in Denver too. I was at there almost over 15 years and my husband was at Denver Police Officer and we just loved it. They were kind of put the farm side of it aside for a few years and then when our kids got to be old enough that I felt like I really like for them to have the same kind of experience that I had growing up here and so we went back about seven years ago and now my kids are doing for each and doing all that and enjoying the mountains and like to really don't get to campus much as we'd like to but look at the mountains anyway. It seems like people that don't live your actually are up in the mountains and enjoying them more than the people that are here but plan on trying to get up there a little bit more this summer.