I was born in West Point, Georgia, and raised in Lanett, Alabama, in a small, Southern community of towns, which was referred to as “the valley.” And, this area is located on the Alabama-Georgia line, (j)ust about ninety or so miles south of Atlanta, Georgia. I’ve always lived in this area, ‘cept for the time that I ‘tended college in Montevallo, Alabama ‘n’, uh, as far as I know, all of my family lived in this area before me, fo’ as far back as anybody can remember, ‘n’, for many years, the cotton-mill industry was, actually, the life’s blood of the valley area. The mill cottonry provided jobs for most of the people there, money for schools and also a lot of recreational centers, plus a lot more. As the economy changed, however, some of the mills down-sized or closed ‘n’ as a result, many “valley-ans” today must commute to jobs outside the valley area. I grew up in a family with both parents, an older sister and a younger brother. My family was musically inclined and we all played musical instruments. Ev’ryone in my family also enjoyed reading and this is still one of my greatest pleasures. I find it to be a wonderful escape. Also, one of the favorite Southern pasttimes, at least in my family, was tellin’ stories. You jus’ pass them down from generation to generation; they’re not written anywhere, ‘n’ each time you tell them, they become more fanciful or more involved. I ‘tended and was graduated from the Lanett City School System, and I subsequently attended several schools: the University of Montevallo, Auburn University, Southern Union State Community College, and Troy State University in Phenix City, Alabama, before finally earning my B.S. degree. By that time, I had a child, and it was a little bit harder to attend school, so it took me quite a while to do this. All of these schools, except the University of Montevallo, were within fifty miles of my home. I believe, that probably, the greatest influences on my speech had to be my family and my earliest friends, since I’ve never really lived anywhere but in “the valley” area. And, also, I received very little influence from television as a small child, because our family di[d] not even own a TV until I was 5 or 6 years old.