I was born in Columbus, Georgia, but I’ve always loved it here in Auburn. I love to go huntin’, fishin’, playin’ sports, anything that you can do outside. I like to drive trucks in the country, look at all the animals. I like to watch birds and squirrels play with each other. Squirrels chasin’ each other ’s pretty funny. Um, basketball, I like to play. Not too good at it, though; everybody beats me. I like to play football, ’cause I like to hit people, and i-, and it’s fun. Um, baseball I play ’cause I’m pretty good at it. I play centerfield. My mom was born in Hurtsboro, so she’s a farm girl, and we do everythin’ down there on the weekends. Um, my dad was from Columbus. He was in the Marines, so he’s tough on me a lot. I like to go to school sometimes, just to see my friends and talk. Teachers get on my nerves. I make pretty good grades, sometimes. I like science, ’cause I wanna be a vet. I like dogs, and cats, and pretty much any animal, except snakes. Snakes are a little annoying. Rats are kinda cute sometimes, if they’re not too big and fat. Um, I don’t really read that much. It’s not too fun sometimes. Like to watch movies about football, wars. Pretty much anything, that I can do lyin’ down. Uh, I like to eat. I like bein’ down South ’cause we have all that good food. Fried stuff: fried pork chops, country ham, green beans, anything that you can get on a farm, I pretty much like. I like to go down to Hurtsboro and jump on trampolines, play basketball, do nothing. That’s fun. Um, I like to play baseball with my cousins. ’Cause, I have a little cousin and we’re teachin’ him how to play baseball. He’s actually pretty good at it for a 6-year old. He hurt his knee a little while back, so we had to carry him around everywhere, but he’s better now. My grandfather died when I was in the second grade. And last year my grandmother died. One of my grandfathers died before I was born, but I still have a grandmother living, now. I like to go visit her. She makes good cookies. Um, my aunt’s, my aunt’s house is in Hurtsboro. I like to go there ‘cause she’s always got food, and we can eat any time, anything that we want. Um, Columbus, I like to go shoppin’ with my family. My sister’s a little annoying, but you have to be nice to her ’cause she grumps. Um, we fight all the time. I like makin’ money. Makin’ money’s fun. Get to go buy stuff. Expensive things, everybody thinks you’re cool. Uh, baseball, I’m playin’ this year. I have a nice team. I like to get free food, too. Free food anywhere you can get it. …