Well, uh, I lived in Mexico until I was 7 years old. And when I turned 7, I remember my father saying, “OK, we are going to move to the U.S. because I want my kids to learn English.” We moved to Yuma, Arizona, and I went into an elementary that I still remember the name: Pecan Grove. Um, I was very scared because I didn’t know any English, but actually it wasn’t that bad because all my professors were Hispanic. The kids were Hispanic too, and, um, so I didn’t have to speak English but until fourth grade, because in fourth grade it was the first time I ever got an American professor and her name was Mrs. Taylor, and that’s when I had to start speaking in English. I remember I used to sit all the way in the back of class because I was so embarrassed because I didn’t want her to pick on me to read. Um, I never forgot a moment when she was teaching us English and she wrote on the board, “chocolate.” And I was so confused because I was like it says “chocolate,” and it’s spelled the same way as in English and I couldn’t — and it was bugging me that it was just pronounced different. Um, and then after Mrs. Taylor once again I started having Hispanic professors. All throughout middle school as well, actually — Yuma, Arizona, has a large population of Hispanic, and when I went to high school, in Cibola High School, again, um, I had more American professors, and that’s when I officially began to speak English in my freshmen year of high school. Um, so it’s been pretty interesting. I don’t hear my accent, but everybody else does. Um, and now here at ASU, once I oh I started…began theatre, uh, that’s when it just really like — I noticed how much of an impact my accent can actually have because, uh, just in auditions and doing monologues. I‘ve heard both; I’ve heard pros and cons of me having an accent, uh, for different roles. There’s roles that I cannot do because of my accent. Well, I can do, but I just need to work on it. I’m in a play right now for Bocon. Uh, I’m not sure if maybe my accent is what influenced my director to choose me. Huh, um, but I’m pretty — I really excited to be in Bocon because it’s bilingual and my family is going to come watch it and my family don’t speak any English. So, they’re pretty excited because they’ll be able to understand some of it. I dream in Spanish. I, uh, It’s funny because I just actually just had a dream yesterday. It was in Spanish. All my dreams that I have I don’t remember any of them ever being in English. That’s an interesting question.