I was born in Batesville, Arkansas in 1949. Ah, my father was a veteran of World War 2, and he and my mom had moved back to Arkansas, ahm, from Colorado where they’d been stationed during the war. And I grew up on a farm in Pleasant Plains, which is a hamlet, I guess. Ahm, we h— … there were a hundred and fifty people in this very small town. And, um, we had gardens, we had chickens, and cattle and horses. Um, there was a pond, there were woods. [throat clearing]. One of my favorite things as a child would be to climb in the trees in the backyard with fresh tomatoes and read books. And I spent many afternoons doing that. Ahm, when I did have to work in the garden, I was always very happy at the end of the summer because the corn was always near the highway, and I didn’t want people to see me hoeing. And so if the corn was high enough, I was invisible. [laughs] Which sounds so silly now — you’re on the farm, everyone does this. But at the time, you know, that was a problem. Um, we left the farm when I was 10, and my father went to graduate school in Louisiana, so we lived there for a while. And then, uh, we lived in Pine Bluffs, which in another part of the state. And by the time I had finished college, I had lived in all four sections of Arkansas. I think, one cl— … one very clear memory I have: There was a, a big ice storm, [creaky voiced vocalization] maybe nineteen fifty-six to fifty-eight, along in there, and for two weeks we had no electricity, and that was pretty rough. But they came along with a portable generator. And happened to be on the night that my — that “Father Knows Best” was on television. [laughs] And I remember so clearly sitting with the men and the generator and they …. My mother got to wash, use the washing machine and, you know, some important things like that, probably run the vacuum. But I got to watch a television show for thirty minutes in the midst of this long ice storm. And we, we had another one this past winter, uh, that was very severe across the South, apparently much worse than that one. Ahm, but it was a very isolated time – the schools were closed, the roads …