I was born May 2, 1985, in New Orleans, Louisiana, at Charity Hospital. I grew up in the Ninth Ward, mostly raised across the street from my grandparents. We stayed on Mazant. It wasn’t the best neighborhood in town, but it was home. I was attending a Catholic school, called St. Mary’s of the Angels, and, um, I went there from pre-K to eighth grade. And in the neighborhood, you wouldn’t expect to meet so many nice people, but they were all there. And after eighth grade, graduating and everything, decided to go to high school, and I attended a historically black school called St. Mary’s Academy. I didn’t want to go there, but I had to make the best of it. It was a part of my history, my family history. My mom went there for high school, so she wanted to keep the tradition going, I guess you can say. Um, I graduated from St.Mary’s Academy in 2003, and from there I decided to go to Dillard University, also in New Orleans. At Dillard, my major was nursing. I’ve always wanted to be a nurse. Well, not really. I wanted to be a, a pediatrician, and I was like, “Well, maybe that’s too many years of school.” So, I downgraded to bein’ a neonatal nurse, ’cause I love babies. I think they’re like God’s gift to every person who can have a kid. Kids are beautiful. Um, when I went to Dillard, for — I want to say about — this would have been my third year. And, um, then the storm hit, of course. Katrina passed through, and I had to change schools and everything, and now I’m in a foreign place, tryin’ to make sense of everything that’s going on. It’s like, really hard; it’s confusing. You know, I’ve never been so stressed in my whole entire life. But I, I guess out of all of this, I’ve learned how to appreciate life, how to be thankful, just for breathing every day. You know, because I, I could have been, you know, still in New Orleans, struggling with everybody else, tryin’ to survive. But I was blessed that God gave me another chance, and he was like, “You can do it, you can do it.” So I’m tryin’ to make the best out of this. But it’s, it’s really hard, it’s very hard.