… for 40 years, so, I was a policeman, in Norway police work for a lotta years. Well, I was a state trooper, yeah, for 20 years, and then I was in security work, for Pratt ’n’ Whitney Aircraft. They get a — their aircraft plant up here, so we, uh … I worked for them. Then I retired from there. Well, that we’re just — I, uh, a — at Pratt, we — we just checked people, you know, or badges an’ checked for, you know, routine security work, going for fires an’, you know, that type o’ stuff. But, uh, production plant safety, too, first aid. That was– that was part of the job. Ah, I liked it all; it was just, you know, routine. Like regular patrol on the, on the state highway, and like the, the turnpike, I worked for [unclear] for a while. I worked in northern Maine for five years when I — when I first was on there. I w-worked on the Canadian border. We worked with the Mounties up there. Yeah, great guys, incidentally. I was up in — New Brunswick was, was. … They were on the other side of the river. Last week I was up in Buffalo. My son lives up there. Yuh, had a great time out there. I went to visit my son and his, and his family. Yeah, they had — they had, uh, uh, foo-football games on. In fact, my son went to the football game, and my wife and I stayed home with, with his kids so he and his wife could go to the football game. He’s a big Bills fan, so now I have to keep track of the Boston Bruins and the, an’ the Red Sox an’ the Buffalo Bills and the, an’ the, an, an’ the [unclear] Buffalo Sabres. I have to keep track of all o’ the teams now. Well, that’s all I got to do, so. I was stationed in the service out there so I know California pretty well. Yeah, a couple o’ years. Well, I w– I was in the Navy then, so, you know, us– usual things that sailors do. We just, you know, do the towns, clubs, like, you know, like that. So I,I liked it out there. It’s, it’s a little inl– it’s a little cooler. An– and especially in the winter times. It isn’t too much different than around here really. You didn– you-you’d go down to Long Beach in San Diego. Of course it’s, it’s nice down there. I was stationed down there for a while, ’bout a year in Long Beach. I went to, uh, I went out in the Pacific. It was right between the two wars, an’ I, I went to China an’ Japan, an’, you know, like that. I, I was on a repair ship in the Navy, so we went to a lotta islan’s, Guam an’ [unclear], to places like that. I was in the Navy four years. …