I was born and raised in K.C. There’s a difference between K.C., Missouri, and then Kansas City, Kansas. Mm! I was born in K.C., uh, on the Missouri side. Um, I lived there for all of eighteen years, and then, uh, when I first started my freshman year of college, that’s when my mom got her job in St. Louis, which is where she’s originally from, and they moved out there. Every summer – just about every summer – when I was growin’ up, we would go visit Grandma, who lives in St. Louis, and that was always interesting, when you go back and everybody talks about they summers, and they were like, “Where did you go?” “Grandma’s house.” “AGAIN?” “Yeah. I went to Grandma’s house again.” Sophomore year, my grandpa and my uncle died. My mama had called my daddy, and at the time, Daddy was still in K.C. because he was still havin’ to work, and so they both drove down from both sides, and they were like, “We just wanted to let you know PawPaw died today,” and I was like, “Are you SERIOUS?” Because two weeks before that is when my parents drove down to tell me and my sister my uncle had been diagnosed with stage IV cancer. And so I was like, “Ain’t nobody got time for this.” And I remember my birthday was like maybe a week AFTER the funeral, and I was chillin’ in my friend’s room, and, and I just broke down. I was like, “He really ain’t about to call me this year. Like, he ain’t gonna call me and tell me happy birthday.” So two weeks after PawPaw died is when my daddy drove up, and my daddy’s like, “Hey.” I was like, “Hi?” And he was like, “Uh, how’[wa]s your birthday?” I was like, “Fine. You asked me that already.” And he was like, “OK. Um, I just wanted to let you know, uh, your uncle passed.” Mm. They were buried in the same cem- cemetery. The year before, he had just celebrated his fiftieth birthday. My mama’s friend — we call her “Auntie Ph.D” (she’s a minister too) – and so she flew in, and she was like, “I have no idea why this happened, and I’m not gon’ pretend and act like I know why. I have no idea; I have absolutely no idea what God is tryna do for y’all. ‘Sorry’ can’t say enough for how bad I know this feels for y’all. But you have to give it time. And I remember she looked at my mama and was like, “You HAVE to give it TIME.”