I was born in New Hampshire, a town called Sandown, small population, about 5,000 people. Very small town. Born and raised there. Actually, I was born in a different city, but, uh, I was brought there at three months old, and I was raised there for the rest of my life in the same town. It’s, uh, it’s definitely the simple life. I’m real excited ’cause I’m going back there for, uh, Thanksgiving, so, that should be interesting, but, uh, I don’t usually get back there too often, you know. It’s usually a long weekend here and there, but other than that, no. It’s about, uh, four hours, by car. Um, plane is only 45 minutes, which is good, but then you gotta get from the city up, up to New Hampshire, you know, which is an hour. Or if you fly into New Hampshire, but now the plane tickets have just gone crazy. They’re four hundred dollars. Yeah, you could fly to Paris, you know, for a weekend for cheaper than that. Which is insane to me, but, God, I lived there for 20, 20 years. No, I lived there for 18 years, and then when I went to college, I moved to a town called Lowell, Massachusetts. That is where there’s a university that’s — it’s a good size, about 12,000 people [unclear]. About my third year, I left and moved to Milan, Italy, to start a career over there in modeling and stuff like that. Someone approached me, and they had an agent in Boston, and all this big stuff. Well, a friend of mine was actually working with this agent in Boston. And I was on the football team with him at school, so he’s like, “Yeah, I want you to come down with me.” And I was like talking to my girlfriend, and like, “What do you think about this? You know, it seems a little weird to me.” You know, it was just really strange. And then I went there, and she was like, “Oh yeah,” you know, and she started working with me. And two months later she brought me to, to New York, for a convention. So I was — I was like, “Uh, OK.” And then when I was here for a week, somebody — you know, I got a bunch of offers and stuff like that. People wanting me to go to Florida, or, you know, LA, or, you know, wherever. Really strange places, you know, Tokyo and, uh … I decided to go to Milan, ’cause, you know, it’s a really cheap way to start a career, as far as, I mean, that’s what they told me. …