Yeah, the building was my neighborhood. For example, you know how people here say, “Oh, yeah, your kid’s growin’ up an’ everything. Oh, he’s so much bigger than when I saw him the las’ time…” Or whatever. All that in my — in me growing up happened in my building. So, I had the neighbors who lived in 915, when I lived on 14, and they were the ones I’d see going up in the elevator. And it was in the elevator where you saw everybody. And I think that’s one of the biggest differences when I — when I talk with people who grew up in a small town, or whatever. I’m used to seeing strangers all the time. Um, and so whenever I’ve gone to a little town, where everybody knows everybody, knows everybody, it’s a trip because that’s not how I grew up. I was — I always grew up used to seeing people. And I remember the first time that I went to see Minneapolis, I was on a, uh, school trip from college, from this little rural town where I lived in, and we were coming up to the big city for something. And I looked in, and I saw these big beautiful buildings on a Saturday, but there was nobody. There wasn’t anybody anywhere, and I was like, who stuck in a vacuum cleaner and sucked out all the people? And now it makes sense, because it means that, you know, we were probably driving through downtown Minneapolis, which can be pretty empty on the weekend because nobody’s working. So, it’s a funny thing about the way I know I say my A’s. I used to live on Harriet Avenue, 2400 Harriet, and, uh, I remember being on the bus, the number 2 bus, running along Franklin Avenue. Everybody had gotten off the bus except for me. It’s about to reach its last end point. But it’s dark, and it’s kinda hard to see the streets, so I called out to the bus driver, “Could you please stop at Harriet Avenue?” And he was like, “What?” And I said, “Could you please stop at Harriet?” And he’s like, “What?” “Could you please stop at Harriet?” “What?” And then I remembered. I had this accent, so I said, “Could you stop at Harriet?” And he said, “Oh, sure.” And the bus stopped. I have made a carrot and apple salad that I actually learned how to make in Russia. And you take your carrot and you chop it up, and then you, uh, and you take your apple and you chop it up. And usually I use lemon juice in there, but, you know, you could be inspired to use orange juice, but I, I wouldn’t use, you know, I probably wouldn’t use apple juice. I think, well, maybe the apple juice would work, but if I put Coca-Cola in there — some Coke — it’d be horrible. But I wouldn’t put “pop” in there, ‘cause we don’t drink “pop” in New York City. We drink soda. Here’s another thing: We wear sneakers. We don’t wear tennys or running shoes, and I’ve confused the kids in my daycare. I’m like, “Please put your sneakers back on,” and they look at me like, huh? “Put your sneakers back on.” And they’re like, “What?” And they don’t know what I’m saying when I say sneakers. And that’s what I grew up calling them. They call them “running shoes” or “tennys.” They’re sneakers. …