I grew up in a little town in North Carolina called Walnut Cove. I was born at the house place which I was raised at. Umm, I grew up with the love of horses, always wanted to own horses, so I did when I got old enough to afford ‘em, I w- bought me two, and, uh, I was, wasn’t able to pay for my way to college but I was good enough in sports to land a scholarship, and I went to Elon College where I s- went for five years, and I played football on two national-championship teams, and, I met a young lady in college. We got married and, uh, we had a kid together, and life has been good. God is in my life, and, uh, this is 1999 now, looking forward to the millennium. Like I said, I, I had a [unclear] love for horses, uh, all my life, I (ran to it?) from my father that he owned a horse befo- b-but I didn’t never ni- got to know him ‘cause he got — he was killed when I was young, but at 15 years of age I worked on a (raven?) horse farm in Belew-Belews Creek, North Carolina, which is right outside of s- of Walnut Cove. And I become the foreman of that ranch of a count of horses there about, I think was, uh, eight-hundred to nine-hundred horses on that ranch, and I was the foreman at 15 years old. I had a lot of people working under me, so I knew so … learned a lot about horses. And, uh, I would get up in the mornings at 5 o’clock. We had to feed, had to go around just like any days, and I had to check the fences and make sure they were fixed, you know, make sure everybody was doin’ their job, makin’ sure the stalls were gettin’ cleaned out; and I was in charge of that. And, uh, I also learned how they umm, helped horses that was havin’ colts — they was havin’ problems with their — if they was comin’ out breeched I would help them turn ‘em around, you know? And, uh, we ha-had learned how to nurse horses that lost their mother during, during birth, you know? And, uh, and tragically we had to learn how to, I had to learn how to kill horses at that ti- at that age, ‘cause they broke a leg, or got real sick, you know? And, uh, but horses is — I think it’s the greatest leisure time ever, and I’ve done it — I love swimmin’, I like to walk, I like to ride around on motorcycles, but horses is the greatest love of all.