Well, I grew up, uh, in the west side of Cleveland, and, um, um, out there in the west side of Cleveland. [Pause] That’s about it, you know. Uh, Bay Village. Went to school out there, uh, grade school. An’ then, uh, Lakewood, went to high school there, in Lakewood. An’ then I, uh, joined the, uh, service after that. Where’d I go? [Chuckle] Well, I joined the Navy, and I went, uh, everywhere. Uh, I was overseas. Uh, this ’s, uh, back in Southeast Asia, Gulf o’ Tonkin, uh, went to Hawaii, Philippines, Australia, Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan, um, pretty much saw the whole world, you know. Tijuana, California, Florida, Atlantic Coast, Pacific Coast, um, sailed the seven seas, crossed the equator, was a shellback. That means that you’ve crossed the equator. If you haven’t crossed the equator, it means you’re a pollywog. Well, catchphrases, like, uh, when I was young, you know, “cool,” “neat,” “neato.” I like “neato.” I still try an’ use that, uh, word when I can. Um, catchphrases: “Y’know what I mean?” There’s one for ya, “Y’know what I mean?” Um, what else? Dunno, that’s about it. Yeah. I was born in Heidelberg, Germany, right by the castle, and, uh, Heidelberg’s a real famous little city. You know, it — university there. It’s — I think it’s — Heidelberg’s rated in, like, the top two or three universities in the world. And, uh, it’s got, y’know, rich stuff there. It’s, uh, kind of like a hamlet, uh, hamlet-ish type town that’s tried to maintain that, uh, uh, quaintness. ’S a big castle that goes back to the, uh, um, y’know, feudal, medieval times. Um, Kant, eh, used to walk there, uh, and study there. Uh, they’ve had some distinguishables that sat in the, uh, philosophy chair there at, uh … And, uh, I think Kant was one of ’em. Like I say, there’s a place there, it’s known as Kant’s walk, because, uh, he walked the same time – People could set their watch by where Kant was in his morning walk. He was so methodical. An’, uh, the Allies as I, uh — I think I’ve mentioned it — the Allies didn’t bomb Heidelberg. It’s one of the only places they didn’t bomb. Uh, an’ a lot had to do with so many of the pilots went to school there, an’ had such fond memories of, of Heidelberg. An’ of course, the Heidelberg scar, y’know, comes from, from there. That was a little scar that you, uh, if you got it, y’know, you were proud of it. You took a little saber to the cheek, and, uh, it’s a famous dueling sp– scar now. I, I think I prob’ly knew at one time exactly why, why didn’t they call it the Munich scar, or, y’know, something? Now, there’s a reason why, but, y’know I’ll have to look in my book an’ refresh my, uh, memories on that. But Heidelberg is a, uh, in Europe is a very well-known town. Um, 1949 came, uh, to United States an’ went to Boston, came in at Boston, an’ then we had family here in Cleveland, so we moved to Cleveland. And at that time, we moved to around the West 25th/Vega area, which, um, would at that time, probably have, y’know, a lot of immigrant-type people.