Um, probably chasing the ice cream truck. No, I have a lot of great childhood memories. Uh, I have two sisters. I was the middle. We were all three very different and we had some of the same friends. We were all a year apart in school, so I have a lot of very good childhood memories because I went to the same school from first grade through high school and I still have friends there that never left the city. So it’s, uh, going back home for me is kind of like going back into my childhood. So I had a lot of good childhood memories playing sports, playing with friends, things like that. I love to travel, and from one job to the other I kept kind of increasing my salary and, uh, adding more things to, uh, my resume. And I finally found a job that fit me perfectly which was in sales. And it required me to leave the state and, uh, eventually move to, uh, some of the southern cities. I was transferred around, and I’ve been moved all over the US many many times just because of my positions in sales and sales management. I was working sales from the age of 26 with, uh, selling hospital disposable products. I did that for a number of years and I segued into a pharmaceutical nutritional company called Me Johnson’s selling infant formula for a number of years, and then was hired by Nutrisher, which is a Dutch company, that made an entrance into the US, and I was the national sales manager for the infant formula company, which gave me a lot of nutritional background. And from there I segwayed into selling nutritional ingredients. And I was with Acatris for five years, and then Frutarom purchased Acatris and, uh, acquired all the people that were with Acatris, so I ended up with Frutarom, and I’ve been with them now for two years. We went next door. I guess we just didn’t know about it because we all met because we all um, who’s Joseph, Cherie, myself, and Laron and Cantee, and we met there and we said, “Where do we want to eat?” Well, we didn’t know any place in the in Treasure Island, so we went next door to the, umm, the Mirage and ate Chinese food. Oh, and it was a real Chinese restaurant. Of course with Cantee being Chinese, he went to order for us and Laron, Laron had had Chinese food like that before. They ordered uh jelly fish and several things that were like … looked like spaghetti but, it was real good, and, uh, they had duck. They brought the whole duck out, head and all. It had been roasted and, uh, we just had … it was excellent food but some of it I didn’t care for. I had, uh, beef with, beef with stir-fried noodles but their, uh, stir-fried rice, I mean their, uh, fried rice was delicious. It was made from scratch. It was very very good.