I grew up in Oklahoma during the first, uh, twenty-five years of my life. Uh, in growing up Oklahoma seems to have a, um, me a laid-back and, um, um, yet hardy flavor to the voices, and, um, I noticed whenever I lived on the East Coast, uh, for a while and the, uh, mid to late eighties, uh, and how differently East Coasters speak. Uh, their manner of speaking, at least to me, as I lived there was, uh, maybe a little, little louder and more rushed at times, whereas I think, uh, Oklahomans, uh, or Midwesterners perhaps might have a more, um, uh, perhaps gentle quality to their voices, uh, ss … I’m probably more used in my cultural background, um, with uh, the, uh, customs and, um, family relations, uh, at least with my own, uh, lineage, uh, my talk I would probably say culturally a little slower, uh and more, u,h more about open-minded questions like you know, “How are you doing?” and, uh, um, ”What’s been going on?” and so forth, uh. And as I got more into, um, uh, perhaps my college work and spending time on the East Coast, uh, things are more, I would probably say dialoguing is a little more purposeful, and it doesn’t sound quite the same way, I guess, when maybe you’re at home or maybe even just like,you know, with with really close members of your community. Um, uh, it sounds a little different. Uh, I spent time mostly in Oklahoma. Uh, there’s been some years in Virginia Beach, uh, I worked out of state, uh, with, uh, folks in, uh, New Mexico around the Santa Fe area and, uh, also in, uh, uh, Ridgecrest, North Carolina, uh, area also there; I don’t know if that’s the Appalachian Mountains or not, or it’s in that, uh, that mountain range there in the U.S. there in the Southeastern United States. Uh, and I’ve also, uh, vacationed some in like Canada in the Northwest and in Seattle and so forth and then a little, little tiny area of maybe the, uh, West coast like visiting San Francisco and what not but probably most of my, uh, cultural and speaking background has more to do with, uh, I would say Oklahoma and the Western United States, and, um, the, uh, accents that, uh, you pick up naturally as you know are born and raised … you know here is this part of the U.S.