Well, I’s born an’ raised in Texas. Uh, I was born in — out in Big Bend country; I was raised in Big Bend country. I lef’ there when I was, uh, 18, went in the Marine Corps. I’s in the Marine Corps fo’ three years, got out an’ then I, uh, I moved down to the Conroe area. I was, uh — I went to work for Uncle Sam when I got out. I was an air-traffic controller ’til the big strike of ’81. An’ to avoid, uh, any problems with the government, ’cause o’ me leadin’ a strike against the U.S. government, I went to live in Central America for 11 months. An’ then, uh, when that– ev’rything kinda faded away; well I, um, I came back an’ went to work. Uh, I’ve always ranched an’ done things like ’at, ’n’– but I, like I say, I was an air-traffic controller [?] into the Marine Corps. I, uh, I ranched down to the southern end of New Mexico. Arizona was my western boundary, and Mexico’s my southern boundary, an’ it’s real rugged, real rough country down there. Ranched there for, I guess, two years, two/three years. Then I moved up to the Chama area on the north en’, like north o’ Santa Fe by a hundred miles. An’, uh, I was there ’til, I guess, eight years ago when I moved back to — moved to Denton, an’, uh, lived there for three years, an’ then I moved down to south Texas. I had a ranch down southeast of, uh, Nixon, for a while. An’ then my dad got ill, an’ I moved back here to New Braunfels in [?], an’ what, uh — in a real short, uh, [unclear]. On Walker, Texas Ranger . Yeah, I had livestock on it. Oh, I did that for — had that for three years, an’ then, uh, some reason, I didn’t think, y’know, the show was ever gonna last, so I quit [?] on, but eight years later, it’s still goin’. But, uh, that’s really ’bout it. I — there’s jus’ not a whole lot. I just travel round a lot. Uh, I always kinda felt you stay in one place too long, you grow roots, and, uh, that’s somethin’ I don’t want. But, uh, uh, like I say, I been … When, when my father got ill, I moved back here to Braunfels. My dad was raised — Interstate 30 past the Royal Home Place down here, out there Lyman Road, an’ I sort — oh, got all family round here, so … Y’know, I don’ know. It’s, uh, I haven’t really figured it out. I just — it’s, uh, pretty simple. I mean, there’s not — it’s not a — it doesn’t take a brainchild to do it. Just, there’s not lotsa hours in the thing, so, um, but I been doin’ this for off ’n’ on for about 17 years. E’en when I got back from, uh, when I got back from Central America. When I was in New Mexico after it – I, I ran Jurgens all the time, an’, uh, once I’d shipped my cattle, in October, then I’d either go to California or Arizona or come back to Texas, or somewhere ’n’ work on the movies until, uh, y’know, the winter down here on the real southern end. An’ then, uh, that April or May I’d go back home an’ start receivin’ my cattle again. An’ then, uh, there in Chama, o’ course, that’s way up in the mountains there at my house; that’s 82-62, an’ up to 13,000 a back, so, there an awful lot o’ guide an’ trout, uh, trout fishin’, an’ o’ course when the hunt started, we, we hunted, um, elk, uh, deer, bear, an’, uh, lion. But that was — that’s prob’ly best part — the most fun in life, right there. Headin’ out gotta have the world by the, by the tail. Y’know, it’s horseback all day, an’ I was huntin’ an’ fishin’, y’know, didn’ have a worry in the world. But, uh, that’s somethin’ that, uh, — that not very many people get to experience. But there’s — I mean, that ol’ country up there is young, the heart ’n’ soul. We just hardly make a livin’ up there. Y’know, we got snow up the armpits about six months outta the year. No, I was fixin’ a wind- … Well, that, that, that’s kind of a long story too. Not — most people don’t have — windmill’s kind of a thing of the past, but, uh, the whole motor an’ ev’rything; it’s a wind-generated pump, and you have the — the circuit rods runs all the way down in, into your well, on the – at, at the end o’ your pipe then you have your leathers. It’s — actually pumps the water up an’ p– forces it up the pipe an’, well, that’s the main thing, is your w- … your leathers wear out, ’n’ you have to pull all your stuff, all the rods out, redo your leathers, an’ put ev’rything back in. Dependin’ on the dee- the depth of the well, that could, that could be a two- or three-day operation, but, uh, that — an’ that’s really kind of a joke. Like to say it’s kind of a los- … y’know, nobody does that no more. Well, I’m, I’m kinda down right now, and I s– I kinda sold ev’rything, ’cause I started travelin’ so much, an’ been so dry. I had a ranch out, out in West Texas an’ had, uh, seven inches o’ rain in five years, an’ that’s hard for a lizard to make a living. But, uh, I used to raise, uh, red runner cattle an’ then, uh, then when I got in the yearlin’ operation, I thought, y’know, anyway it’s not year-round. I don’t know whoever came up with the word cowboy. Anyway, it’s not cowboy, it’s cow-nurse. Y’know, ’cause you’re something — you’re, you’re nursing ev’rything all the time. Your animals’ll get very dependent on …