In the beginning, I was born in a little town (uh) Radford, Virginia, up in the mountains of Virginia. I was educated in the local school system. I went to college from there, which was also located in southwest Virginia, but further back in the mountains. And (uh) then we moved to North Carolina. From North Carolina we moved to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. From Pennsylvania we moved to Indianapolis, Indiana, and from there, back to Virginia. We stayed some years in southwestern Virginia, an’ then we went to the far east coast of Virginia, to Williamsburg. Moved to southern Alabama, and have been here for approximately ten years, an’ certainly that would (uh) affect my dialect in some ways, I’m sure. (Uh) We raised a family, (uh) an’ I enjoy not only the family, but grandchildren as well. And (uh) are looking forward now to retirement (uh) within this year. We goin’ tell a story about (uh) childhood, some o’ the fun things that (uh) happened. (Uh) There’s so many of ’em, I don’t know where to begin. As a child, I was pretty well spoiled, as I was the oldest grandchild on either side of the family. Therefore I received an inordinate amount of attention. My mother thought I was absolutely perfect, and entered me into anything happening. (Uh) I learned how to do the Chinese ballet as an infant, and of course, she gave me all the social graces, which were very important back in the thirties. (Uh) As I grew, I (uh) found out that there were manly things, which my father introduced me to, such as (uh) visiting the farm, as a small child, and staying with my grandparents, finding out about a whole ’nother world. (Uh) My grandfather, who was quite a strict fellow, (uh) very hard worker, taught me how to shoot my first gun. What didn’ bother to tell me was that a 36-inch barrel, 12-gauge shotgun was not what a 8-year-old kid should shoot. I ended up with a very large bruise on my shoulder, an’ my grandfather stayed in hot water with my mother for some time thereafter. But I did brag about shootin’ a big gun. And I shot a big rabbit, too. Well, ’n’ havin’ to — (uh) as we grew (uh, uh) — one o’ the high points of my life, of course, was (uh) when I graduated from high school. (Uh) I met someone who ’came very special to me, an’ (uh) still is to this day. (Uh) I didn’ know it at the time, that our relationship would last this long, because that’s not what I had planned. The first time that I asked her out, I thought it was a temporary thing. (Uh) But as it turned out, that temporary thing has turned into 50 years, so … An’ I still …