This recording, Louisiana 5, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comea gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor off, Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Comea gets a cure, and here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking, and even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a ball of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plane yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and had a full work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling, Kamal Kamal, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for name. She was so much more stung and huge, so it takes some force to try her but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then seemed a tomb to her finalation administered either. Etha. feudal, and no time the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold onto coma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed that that's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times it caused a pen of sill. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, Amelia Neer lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. I grew up in Desterhand, a little town about 30 miles outside of New Orleans. It was very rural. We had a one little country store. We picked blackberries in the summer and swam and did very country kind of things and grew up with lots of family around always. And I was a tomboy and my cousin was a tomboy, so we had a great time growing up. I hated school. I liked recess and PE and playing sports after school. I hated lunch. And then I went into New Orleans for high school in college and that my husband, a college in New Orleans, and I was 18 then. And we wound up moving to New Orleans when we got married when I was 23. And had my first baby in New Orleans and didn't tell me. And then we moved to Madre to the suburb. And had our second baby and then we moved to North Shore across Lake.. And we've been here about 30 years and I'm 61 now. And I left to play tennis and I have six grandchildren and there's so much fun and been married 30, eight years and I love being married now. You appreciate it more when you get older. And I miss my parents dearly. I have a sister and a brother who I treasure, especially with my parents gone. My dad and my mom and dad were both from New Orleans. And his father was from the hard friends and my dad didn't speak English. She really went to school. He spoke Facebook, French, and home. And they had a very close family too. We have a above the ground, cemetery, monument, whatever you call it,