This recording, Louisiana 7, is copyright the international dialect of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas N. Honoroff, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district other territory, so she was very happy to start a new job in a superb practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so, her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put a plain yellow dress in a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an sanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an old choice, a choice for a name. comma, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an affected treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that the course of the law was a fair price for her here. Growing up with my sister, I always felt like she had got the short end of the stick. One day, before I was old enough to drive, my parents were going for the day, and I decided I was going to take the car for a drive on our long drive, because it had a long drive way about 400 feet deep with pine trees on each side. So I backed the car out and went down the driveway, up and back several times. Well, my mom had to be tall bushes all about five of them on the side of the driveway. So when I was going back, I went up one time, I ran into one, and I knocked it out of its roots out, out of the deal. So I shoved the bush back now, so that they wouldn't know that I had been driving while they were gone. Well, when they got back, my mother was out working in the yard, and she's kind of small, and she actually bumped the bush and it fell over, and I just can't stay in there. I think she pushed me into the bush and knocked it over. This is a whole big bush, probably way 60 pounds fell over out of the dirt. We used to play a lot, we used to do pranks and all the weekend right her bike all the way down our driveway and kind of go in towards the back and make it kind of a slight left turn and go down the bait and went toward the bayou. So we were doing those other bikes and we'd get to the end, we'd power slide and stop. Well, my sister, who I was always trying to get back at her thing she did to me, she was going down, we told her to go, she went down, they're really fast, lost control, hit a long, right to edge the front edge of the bayou and flipped over into the water and I started laughing real hard to my dad came out and then I had to act like I was really sorry for and I got around the water and got her glasses. Okay, well my lady, I was late about 1130, he said you need to get your shotgun because there's some guy following me. It was like, got me, it was a blue Mustang, like a 19 seven year Samuel Mustang. The guy pulled in her driveway or came up to her driveway up to the front and we went out and I had a shotgun and he had a pistol and we aimed at it the guy as vehicle and he stood and sat there for a minute and he worked out and we went. We're going back to the driveway and took off down the road.