This recording, Connecticut 6, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Jule McCullough and Bob or some of them. Well here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veteran airing nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much narrower for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning she felt stressed, shade a bowl of porridge, check herself in the mirror and wash your face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress in a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease which was surprising, because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long that itchy goose began to stretch around the off as like a lunatic which made an able to hold on to coma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose she wiped her off with a cloth It's very rural. There's no diversity. It's always like I think there were maybe two African Americans at my graduating class. So, I mean, peaceful. It's just wasn't on the day there. I moved to Naya, New York for college. It's a cross-finish happens in bridge and it's primarily a missionary college. It's incredibly diverse. So they have lots of people coming from different parts of the world you know that are during missions, are preparing to do missions and it is through a CMA. Our Christian missionary lens. It was primarily intercultural studies and we're going to best part like the landscape to gorgeous but, it's really friendly and very hospitable. You can just sit and talk with them for a really. They'll invite you in and feed you and you know, it was really fun. You hear the testimony so the things that happen to people and you're like, I don't know if I could do that. You know, like I am a Christian and I believe in the things Jesus taught and I believe that he was God and still I'm like, oh, I don't know. You know, I don't know about that one more. So I'm preparing to teach English literature and oh my goodness, I love to read since I have three younger siblings and two adopted 18-year-old brothers and it's always a full house and I'm always having the opportunity to sit and read to them and I love that you know, picking good stories and having everybody sort of on the edge of their chair waiting for you to you know share your work with stretch and it's going in.