The following recording, Georgia 2 is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure is copyright, Douglas N. Honorov, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Squire. Near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and multi-layer. Even so on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot in mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office, like a lunatic, which made an sanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Pama was strong in huge. So he would take some forced to trap her but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she tried her to measure out a lot of medicine. So her warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times the cause of a pin, I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. I've been teaching history at Auburn for the past 30 years. I went to Emory to do my PhD and graduated back in the 1970s. After doing my bachelor's degree at the University of the South at Solani, Tennessee, I went to a boarding school in Atlanta where the chaplain was in the Piscobal clergyman. So he was really on me to go there to college. So despite my parents' wish that I go to Emory for undergraduate work, I decided to go to Solani and stay at just to sort of defy them as people I want to do at that age. It was a great choice. It was a wonderful school and I did end up getting to go to Emory and came here afterwards and have been here ever since. Low these mini decades and while it was very different from Solani and Emory, I've been very happy here and have really enjoyed being here because the professors and of course I can't complain. It's not that far from my home and over the years it's made it possible for me to be near family both in Georgia and in Alabama, which I think is very very nice when one is close to one's family as Emory. And believe it or not, all burn over the decades has grown not so much in numbers of students. They were about 16,000 when I came in 22 or so now, but in terms of what we can do and places we can go. And always especially my first year here, I kept telling myself, single professor and unique social life because it probably is not wise to play with undergraduate and so it was good to get away to Atlanta and get to be with friends over the year when I had a desire that time in life to have a wild old time and so I could just go to Atlanta and tell myself, what else or something more tame until that was very important for me.