This recording, Georgia 1, is copyright the international dialect of English Archive. Come and get a cure, and it's copyright Douglas and honor off, Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. She was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, and checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, when she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsenitary mess. The goose owner Mary Harrison kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Come on was strong and huge so it would take some force to trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her, finally she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile in no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bat. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side, then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. I was born in Savannah, Georgia, and it was good. Money was real good. Just became a high stress job. The book shown a unflantering light on this because they felt like, you know, it just showed a bunch of freaks and fairies so to speak. I just, I didn't really look at it like that. I think it showed the colorful sort of time when Savannah was nothing but brothels and bars was the big trade here, of course in that what's tourism and you know, when it's like at that time, and of course you know, Savannah has cleaned up a lot, which is good, but it was just, it was a very, even though it was a big city, it was a very neighborly city. And the big thing I can remember living here when I was in my early 20s, and the big thing on Sunday afternoons was you started out with a bottle of cheap wine and you garden party hot. Do you just went from garden party to garden party? And it didn't matter whether it was somebody like me that was having one or someone like Alvin Nile or the the leaveies or someone like that. You walk by their garden gate because of what you got invited in. And that era's gone and I hate to see that. I think the book changed a lot of that. I mean, now you can't have everybody who walks the streets can't invite them into your house and stuff for obvious reasons, but there's, I think it's been a good influence on Savannah, but also anytime you progress you lose something, right? I don't know, it's been good, but there's some losses that I hate it to see happen too.