The following recording, George III, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comic-Gets-A-Qur is copyright Douglas and Onorov, Jilma Kala and Barbara Somerva. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start an adjoff, and it's a private property, it's nowhere square near the deep street towers. There he was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so, on the first morning, she felt stressed. She had both a board of chairs of the mayor and watched her face in her head. She put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kitten headed to work. Once you got there, there was a woman with a goose wedding for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet, the vet and her wife and animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sent to milk, so this made her very, this made her feel sorry for her beautiful, for the beautiful bird. For long, the H.E.G.s became due to the threat around the office, like a lunatic which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harris, and Kip-Coffee, and Cama, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for her name, Cama was strong and huge, so it takes him force to force the trap of her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's little back with her palm and singing and giving her relaxing back. One Sarah had managed to bathe the goose and wipe her off with a cloth and later on right side. The Sarah confirmed that the vet's diagnosis almost immediately she remembered the effect of treatment that required her to measure out a large amount of medicine. Sarah warned this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times grouping the sticks I guess she would call it back in the country. Me and my older sister we used to get out to the creek and look for different rocks because I remember that, a lot of football growing up on the wrestling team and then started playing golf, a part of my sophomore year in high school and then change schools my senior year because I can get more college prep classes down in Tiffton where I was born. So I transferred down to Tiffton in high school where I graduated from, I did a year college at Abraham Baldwin, agricultural college and then I thought that maybe this cold was a little bit too much. Now I'm a theater major at Auburn University, having a blast, I love it, it's a great program, but that's about it.