This recording, Oklahoma 9, is copyrighted the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, his copyrighted dog was sent on rough, Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo and a deserted district of the territory. She was very happy to start a new job as her primary practice in North Square near the Vick Street Tower. That area was much narrower for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her cat and headed for her. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you wouldn't expect to see in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful partner. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess, the goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comment, comment, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for her name. Comment was strong and huge, so it would take some forces to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not cute or working. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto comment and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she walked off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then, Sarah confirmed the bed's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much for Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a bear price for a cure. Probably chasing the ice cream truck. I have a lot of great childhood memories at two sisters. I was in the middle. We were all three very different. We had some of the same friends. We were all a year apart in school. I have a lot of very good childhood memories because I went to the same school from first grade through high school. I still have friends that I never left the city. Going back home for me is kind of like going back into my childhood. I had a lot of good childhood memories playing sports, playing with friends, things like that. I loved travel. From one job to the other, I kept increasing my salary and adding more things to my resume. I finally found a job that fit me perfectly, which was in sales. It required me to leave the state and eventually move to some of the southern cities that I was transferred around. I've been moved all over the U.S. many, many times just because of my positions in sales and sales. I was working in sales from the age of 26 with selling hospital disposable products. I did that for a number of years and then I took away into a pharmaceutical nutritional account. They called me Johnson was selling in the formula for a number of years and then was required by Nutrition, which is a Dutch company that made an entrance into the U.S. and I was the National Sales Manager for an informal company, which gave me a lot of nutritional background. From there, I took away into selling nutritional ingredients and I was with a cancerous school for five years. I then free-grown purchased a canvas and acquired all the people that were with a cancerous son and that was free-grown. I've been to them now for two years. The next door, I guess we just didn't know about it because we all met, but we all, we used to show Sheree, myself and Laurent and Anting. We met there and we said, well, we want to eat, well, we didn't know any place in the Treasure Island. So we went next door to the Lerage and ate Chinese food, but it was a real Chinese restaurant. Of course, Anting, being Chinese, we went to order food. Laurent had Chinese food like that. They ordered jellyfish. There's several things in one. Look like spaghetti, but it was horrible. Oh, they had, they brought the whole duck out here and all. It had been roasted. And we just had, it was an excellent food, but some of it, I didn't care for you. I had beef with, beef with stir-fried noodles. But they're stir-fried rice, so I mean they're fried rice with stir-fried vegetables. It was very, very good.