this recording Montana 1 is copyright the international dialects of English archive Kamu gets a cure is copyright Douglas Enaneroff, Jil McClure and Barbara Somerville Well here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a vette marrying nurse. We had been working daily Evan also in the desert district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning she felt stressed, she ate a bowl of porridge and kept herself in the mirror and lost her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress in a flea jacket, picked up her kite and headed for it work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the bed, the letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease which was surprising because normally it would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental so this made her very sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long that itchy goose began to strap around the office like a unit. Which made an unsanitary mess, the goose's owner, Mary Harrison kept her. What Sarah thought was not odd voice for her name. Coma was strong in huge so it would take some force to travel. But Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm then singing a tune to her. Finally she had ministered either for efforts for her. Not brutal. In no time the goose began to tie her. So Sarah was able to hold on to Coma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose she wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the bed's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to major outing, not a medicine. Sarah warned that this force of treatment might be extensive. Either five or six times a cause of pain is so in. I can't imagine pain so much but Miss Harrison they million they were lawyer but it was a fair price lawyer cure. While I was growing up lived in the country was raised writing horses. The rodeo life I believe was just something that's really strong here. It changed a lot from when I was younger. A lot of people do love the rodeo say. The saddle bound back when I was younger alcohol was really yeah. It was something like it was both been part of the life and there would be you know by each. a lot a lot of stuff like that. The ending of the rodeos and then as we get older and our kids grew up we're okay. Like our kids didn't quite grew up into the rodeo life. I have enough of that. This rodeo right now my son did for a while until in the relays came alive. In the Indian relays I believe in a lot of ways to go with rodeos. A lot of people that go on to those more than anything. The Indian relays like where they have 16 three horses involved. One horse for horse. One horse the other horse that they come it's like a race is what it is. The one holding the horse that guy's jump flop. He's horse and then he jumps on to the other horse that the horse and they just keep doing that on top of the last horses little kids games and they're all to do with they just broke loose of now. I would see dominated the rodeo life. I like his it's not. I mean you know it's not as like you need somebody's riding. Go to him.