This recording, Montana 3, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gilmour K. and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her in more tour liking. Even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in her hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress into fleece jacket, picked up her kit, and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental. So this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for her name. Como was strong and huge, so it would take some forced to trapper. But Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile in no time. The goose began to tire. Cloth and laid her on her side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much. But Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for her here. Hi, my name is Avie. I was born in Hell in a Montana. It has raised here as well. I haven't really spent much time with this. When I saw that there were a few voices for Montana, but no men. So I figured I'd throw my voice in there for a go. I was inspired to do a submission by watching an old video from a voice actor that I follow, Liam O'Brien, who said that it's a great way to train up on accents. I've really trained up on any accents, but someday I might. Besides growing up here, I was also educated here. We got a couple of degrees. Work here. I've done a fair number of different things throughout the state. Not very many Montana type things. You could say a little bit of haven had to help deliver any calves or foles or anything like that. I did work at a go ranch for a few years, though, which was a fun experience. If it paid better, I'd still be doing it. Any you, that is my submission. I hope my voice is useful and I hope you enjoyed listening to it.