This recording, Oregon 5, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gilmour Kuller and Barbara Somerville. Comma gets a cure. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising, because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long that itchy goose began to spread around the office, like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her, finally she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed that that diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. I was born in Grant's past organ on two acres, relatively right across road from the row river. So out in the wilderness, I had was raised by my mom and dad with my sister and two older brothers. We had a lot of chickens, geese, goats, cats, all kinds of different animals, but my parents then decided we had too many neighbors and the area was getting too occupied. So two acres was enough. So they moved us up the road five miles and they now live on 27 acres. I still have the chickens and turkeys and cats and now a dog, but no goats or anything. So I have always lived in nature and tried the big city of Portland for one year and decided it was too big for me. So I moved back to Southern Oregon and yeah I'm looking for property of my own. I guess I'm definitely a country girl.