This recording, Oregon 4, is Copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comigates a cure, is Copyright Douglas Enonerof, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge. Checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and fleeced jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from the rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an un-sanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Comma was a strong and huge. Comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trapper, but Sarah had a different idea. For she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm and singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ether. The efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto Comma and Giffrey, relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times a cost of tennis. I can't imagine paying so much, but Miss Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for the cure. All right, so I got my two dogs, are my three dogs. Today are Molly. She's a jack rustle pug, who likes to bang on the cupboards and try to get treats. She sleeps in the bed at night and lays around on the couch all day, and then Gypsy is my parents dog. She's an English center. She has diabetes, so she has to get a couple shots of penicillin every day. She's getting pretty skinny, but she's a good good girl. And then paisley, the crazy border collies outside waiting for me to come out there so she can play with her frisbee. Pays, come here, come here. Good girl. Here she comes, the black and white border collie. Yeah, you're a good girl, aren't you? So anyways, those are the three dogs that are living with us today.