This recording, Hawaii One, is copyright the international dialects of English Archive. Comic gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor off Jill Makala and Barbara Summerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a suburb. Private practice in North Square near the Duch Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Which Sarah thought was an odd voice for an odd choice for a name. Comic was strong and huge, so it would take some force to the troper, and Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, and then seeing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto Comic and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then, Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either fiber six times the cost of Venezuela. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. I still want to school at the Bergom Young University of Hawaii. My major is Hawaiian Studies and Psychology, but I just changed it to secondary education, and I minor in Spanish. I decided to come to the school about three years ago, because they had a graphics program here, but they kicked it out, so I'm transferring now. I don't like that idea, but I'm going to have to do it anyways. I'm dealing with transfer to the University of Hawaii campus, and either Manoa or over on the big island. On the big island, that's where I live. So I can go for cheap, but in Manoa they get on better programs than the one of the big island. Right now I work at the PCC as on tour guide on canoes, I give tours, not wearing much clothes, but it's cool, I like it's on fun job. I give tours in Spanish, at any English. For fun, yeah, I go surf all the time, I'm at the North Shore, Pipeline, wherever, and I also like to sometimes just go camping, hang on friends about going hiking up in the woods, up on the top. I ride a, am I a store at Mach 3? It's about 42 inches, 42 by 33. The guaranteed is no better surfing at V-line, if you, there's some good hikes out here, get my like honor, get layy falls, and get somewhere to have in those ones of these ones. But I prefer to be riding because get valleys and over and over a much valley, so I'm going to get the long mountain ranges. And on the big island get snow sometimes or another sight in corner get it's all desert, but mostly on my side in Hilo, it's always raining, but you could surf. So I like that, not much sharks. Walking in Hilo, yeah, that's out in a place called Puna on the big island, and it's about 45 minutes from my house. When I was a little kid, I saw the lava floor, I went to touch it, but when I was like, don't do it, so I never. But ever since then, every night, if I could see the volcano, I just go to the end of my street, I live right back at the airport. Across the horizon, there's like a little red bump, it looks like a pimple on the night skyline. It's pretty tight. It's pretty cool, I like it. You want hot water pond? Up, I'll buy the volcano, because of the volcano, there's underwater vents and this hot water pond. And so I had to learn how to be proper English. But it helped out, because in Pigeon, when you talk Pigeon, it's as if you speak in Spanish English in a way. So when I was learning how to speak Spanish, I never knew how to speak Spanish before I went there. So I got there and everything was like, I can't understand you, which is just in English, and I'm like, okay, so I started learning Spanish, and all the Hispanic guys thought I was a native. The way that I talked, that was pretty funny.