This recording, Hawaii 3, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gilma Kala and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she's put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter for the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsentitary the goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling comma comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for her name. comma was strong and huge, so it would take a take some force to trapper, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her, finally she administered her. At there. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, you remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire, lawyer thought it was a fair price for her here. I grew up on the big island of Hawaii. I'm a very funny person. People really like my photographs. I like to not drive around the city, and my favorite color is turquoise. Hawaii is pretty amazing. I like the fishes, the animals, the beaches are just so beautiful, and it honestly is paradise, especially with volcanoes. I like to swim and surf. I like to pull around the. The community there is amazing. Diversity in Hawaii is not a problem because everyone is from everywhere, and our history is so rich with immigrants and cultures, and pigeon is the Hawaiian language that's used in Hawaii, and I recommend everyone and anyone to go there.