This recording, Mississippi 5, is copyright the international dialect of English Archive. Come and get to cure. He's copyright Douglas Enner. Gil McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising. Because normally, you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for name. comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trapper, and gave her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth in later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison of a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. I'm from the Mississippi Gulf Coast, and she had some chickens, and she didn't like when the chickens would try to sit on the eggs to hatch a meter mad. And so she would stake them out. She first would give them a firm spanking, and then she would tie a string around its ankle, and tie it to a tree out in the chicken yard far away from the other chickens, so they would be shamed into letting her gather the eggs without a fight. And I had many memories of growing up on the farm with the animals and her milk in the cows, and not that I'd want to live there, but I do have fond, so until then I would go every year to visit my family, and my husband can tell a difference when my sister calls, and she says, I'm from<|da|> of<|pl|>, and I'm here, but I'm here, and I'm here, and I'm here, and I'm here, and I'm here, and I'm here, and I'm here, and I want to help you resolve this. Sure. And, I know that she is the only person who has enjoyed life, and I'm in love with U.S., and she is a publishing company. If you're not eager to do something, you're not jump in stumps. Just who the way of saying the glass is a way, you want to put up the glasses or I'm having difficulty remembering something in the right now, it's just kind of. But I'm trying not to say them in front of my daughter because she would say them at school and they wouldn't understand what she was. She'd have to explain herself.