This recording, Mississippi 8, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gil McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Comma gets a cure. Well, here's a story for you, Sarah Perry, was a vet near a nurse who had been working daily in an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of parrots, checked herself in the mirror and watched her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a flea's jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from Beth. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising. Because normally she would only expect to see that a dog or a goat. Sarah was sent a mill, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. The full long that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary myth. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently, stroke and the goose just lowered back with her palm. Then singing a tune to her. Finally she administered Ethan. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to throw along to her. comma and give her relax and bad. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and lay her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed that Beth's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment for the cause of pain and silly. I can't imagine pain so much, but Miss Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. I went and he said, what did I tell her about? He has wife and three children. One of them is a veterinary doctor in Mississippi, Meridian, Mississippi. And one of them is moving back to Memphis to work with her daddy. And the borrown is in St. Petersburg, he has his own business. He's a computer genius.