This recording, Mrs. Cippie 9, is Copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is Copyright Douglas and Honor of Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Comma gets a cure. Well, here's the story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kid and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling him, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. The name, comma, was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she had ministered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tie, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison's millionaire lawyer thought it was a very bad price for a cure. My young son, Frank Young, and brother had been in college in Memphis, and he was bringing home a lot of friends for a blues festival here. They were sleeping all over the house, and I was feeding them, and so I thought, well, I was in Memphis at Crow with the delicatessen, and I just, you know, by a lot of cold cuts I would have. So I asked the lady at the delicatessen, after she gave me, you know, the things I needed, I said, can you tell me where the bear is? And she said, ma'am, I said, can you tell me where the bear is? And she said, I don't understand you, ma'am. And I said, the bear, B-E-E-R, bear. I wonder why she didn't understand me. So when I told my daughter this story, my little granddaughter was about this tall, and she said, every time we get in polite society, she'd say, ma'am, tell them about Mama Jane and the bear. Does bear sound normal to you? My friend, Louise, his uncle, Brick Gochan, he was sheriff here, and died by being shot when he went to, you know, something he was going through. But anyway, when he was growing up, he was kind of a bully, I guess it's where he got the name Brick, because he was tough, and it was all in this neighborhood, you know where the fiscal church was, and the Gregory was next door, and all these people lived in this area, and they were growing up, and they would bully, pull a little tom, Tennessee Williams, because he was kind of sissy-ish. So they bullied him, what's where I'm trying to say? Bullying, they would bully him. So when he wrote straight, no, he made Brick, who was impotent in the thing, named him Brick.