Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at and an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking, even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with the goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally he would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began a strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Sarah was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered it either. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then, Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times across a penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. I remember, okay, my childhood. I remember this is one thing that sticks out a lot. Me and my brother, he's 18 now. We were playing in my room, and my mom and dad had a bunch of friends over and family and stuff. We were bored, because you know, I was not fun with a bunch of adults when you're little. So, we were playing in my brother's room, and we were jumping on the bed. First of all, we were jumping, then we'd stand by the side of it and have the other one push on the bed and see how far he could bounce back. Well, yeah, I was standing on the side of the bed and wasn't ready, and my brother pushed me, and I hit my head on the frame of the bed, and I got stitches in my forehead. You can still see the scar to this day. Last year, I was in Greater Tuna, and this year, I'm in the complete works of William Shakespeare. Oh, it was, it was, since it was my first experience, it was pretty fun. I mean, I was expecting it to be really hard, but everyone made it pretty easy, because we all get along, so it was fun being my first show. I had a good experience, so I'm going to keep doing it. It was great. I love it. I love it. I woke up, splashed my face, took a shower, a breakfast, came to school, first hour, oh, zero hour, zero hour. I have to be here at 620. I don't like zero hour. We watched a movie about segregation, and it was the Montgomery bus boycott, and that pretty much put me in a bitter mood the whole day, because it showed everything. I'm cheering up, because I'm going to a birthday party this weekend.