This recording, New Jersey 8, is Copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comigates a cure, is Copyright Douglas and Honor of Jill McCullough and Bobber Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Sarah was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing attuned to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. I was born in New York City, and shortly thereafter, my parents moved us to New Jersey, where I spent the next, say, 16-year-ish years of my life up until I left for college, which was back in upstate New York this time, but I think growing up being the child of Chinese immigrants, I had always heard my parents speak with Chinese accents in their English, and I think one way that affected me was in middle school. I was in social studies class, the teacher at the time asked me to say the name of a dynasty or read out loud from the textbook or something, and up until that point, I had only ever heard the word dynasty in the context of the name of a local buffet that my parents and I had frequented a lot, and my mother had always called the buffet by dynasty buffet, and that was just how I thought the word was pronounced all this time. So I stood up in front of the whole class, and I said, with some hesitation, the Qing dynasty, and the entire class was so silent, you could hear a pin drop, and the teacher looked at me, he said, I think it's dynasty, and I had never felt so embarrassed in my life, which I won't forget until this day.