The following recording, New Jersey 2, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Come and get secure, is copyright, Douglas and Honorov, Barbara Somerville and Jill McCullough. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. Again to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. At the time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to a comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. The big Yankee fan in the family was grandma. They took the batting cage away and the maintenance crew would come out with the line machines and they would put the new lines down from home plate to first base and third base. One of the greatest moments would be first getting to the stadium, walking into that baseball stadium up the ramps that would take us to our seats. They would put on their hand and wipe the seat off and grandma would sit down and watch the entire batting practice, wait for the game to begin. The drapery maker would create the designs and fabricate the drapes, and I would go in with her on Saturday when we didn't go to baseball games. They would go on for whatever, but they were 20 or 25 foot long tables that they would lay the draperies out on. Grandma would give me some money to go downstairs to Woolworth to get a model airplane. I would get a model airplane and some do-go cement, and I would sit next to her while she listened to the Metropolitan Opera on Saturday. The Texico Metropolitan Opera broadcast.