This recording, Arkansas 32, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gil McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Comma gets a cure. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square. Near the Duke Street Tower. She was suffering from a rare form of foot-emouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times the cost of penicillin. That happened in a little rock when I was about 15 or 15. It was a March morning. I was in the process of waking up, not quite there yet, kind of in the toilet. When I heard a terrible, terrible booming sound, it just went on and on and on. At first I thought it was a sonic boom because we had lots of those. That's what we were close to a little rock air force base. But when it didn't stop, I thought, oh no, the Russians are here. The Russians have come with their pomeas. And just then my mother, who was already up, yelled from the back porch, she said, oh my god, playing just blew up over little rock and it's bubbling on our house. And of course that got me up and looking out the window and I saw a big ballfire through the pine tree in my window. I ran outside too and by the time I got there, the plane had already hit the ground and I could see smoke rising in the distance but not too far distance and I saw a, there was some smoke in the sky where the plane blew up and there was someone floating down on a parachute. We found out pretty quickly that it was a jet from a little rock air force base that had exploded He was the one floating down in the parachute and he landed at a tree in my future English teachers backyard and there were six people I believe killed on the ground and debris everywhere, some of it landed on one of the junior high, their grounds. And I guess that's one of the most traumatic things that I can remember about growing up in a. It's always a story. I could tell if someone asked you to tell me a story about a little rock.