This recording, Arkansas 26, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comic-Cover is copyright Douglas and honor of Gilmour-Cuella and Bobber-Sumavill. Comic-Cover is a cure. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square in your youth street tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket. Picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to stred around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong and huge, so it took some forced a trapper, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on the comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped off with a cloth, she wiped her off with a cloth, and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times a cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. When I was six years old, my folks bought a new house out in out in rural Jefferson County, and the place did not at the time belong to... It wasn't its own town. It was incorporated into the city of Pamblov. It didn't become a part of the city of Whitehall until after I was which would have been sometime after 1996. In any case, so my parents bought that house out in out in rural Jefferson County, off a highway 104. It wasn't incorporated into Whitehall until after 1996, people just said you lived out in the county. I really loved growing up out there. I had a house on five acres of wooded land, mostly pine trees, and I grew up just kind of playing out into wood. There were neighborhood children, I played with, and everybody kind of played out in the woods. It was the kind of an upbringing that you think about from a generation back. Like in the summertime, you pack a pack of backpacks with a snack and a canteen, a pocket knife, and you'd be going for the day. Take your bicycle and you'd be out doing, you know, God knows what. I remember riding out on the highway, and like riding a far off from my house, I remember going to it to this little convenience store, and how ways my parents had no idea where I was. We'd play in creeks. You'd build little dams in the creek, and you know, catch crowdads, and things like that, and catch lizards, because always scared of snakes, and they were trying to catch a snake. But they built forts out of limbs, and thatch them with pine needles. I remember, I got to be a little bit older, you know, you'd ride a little bit further. I remember one time I climbed an old abandoned water tower with my cousin, which is absolutely crazy. We climbed all the way up to the to the top of that thing, but just you just started climbing that ladder and just kept climbing. You were just looking at the next run that you were going to grab a hold of, and it's climb to you got up to this kind of a little deck that ran around the thing. We had a little guardrail around. We just sat there from as high up as a water tower. It's just kind of looking out at the woods and a town and stuff. It was a little wellhouse with a spring. It just, you know, got down a little wellhouse and drank out of the spring. It was kind of an idyllically free, free as in the sense of freedom, childhood. I mean, it's almost like, like that movie stand by me. You know, you just get up with your buddies and you'd be gone all day and you'd get into, you know, whatever mischief you got into, out during the day, playing. People got hurt, you know, once in a while. I mean, nothing ever bad. Nobody ever got well, I broke my arm once. Bad enough, I guess. But it was a happy way to grow up. It was a lot of fun. It fell safe. It didn't feel scary. You're dangerous or anything like that. And my own son now is six and I think that he will never, he will never know the kind of that kind of childhood freedom. It's, it's just not ever going to be like that for him. Now, we're just saying, but it was a good way to grow up.