This recording, Arkansas 33, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gil McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Comma gets a cure. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily and an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her in order for her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a go. Sarah was sentimental. So this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strap around the office like a lunatic which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma comma, which Sarah thought was not choice for a name. comma was strong in huge. So it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a very fair price for a cure. I am from Eastern Arkansas, Monroe County, to be specific. And when I was 15 and then later turned 16, I was Ms. My father was a farmer. That might have been one reason I was chosen. Farm Bureau was the one that put it on in sponsored it. Here to come up and head to your own recipe, you had to promote rice to the best of your ability at different places in the county, which means that I spoke at every Lions Club, Rotaries Club, women's group, you name it, I spoke at it. I did little things on the radio, little tidbits about rice. I had my recipe on a little fire that went out in everyone's bank statement. Anytime I spoke at the Rotary Club or the Lions Club or anything, there was my picture with someone and it was in the paper. So my picture was in the paper pretty much two to three times every week in the small little town. I had a sash that said Ms. Fluffy Rice Monroe County. I had a crown. I wish I could find that damn crown, I don't know where it is, but I wish I could find it. But anyway, I did everything I could, so everyone in the county actually knew me. I could go place that go, you're your I know, yeah, you know, then everything. Well, I like rice. I grew up eating rice. I have no a version of rice, but I don't like rice pudding. And I, when I was during the school year, the counselor would take me and I would go to lunch meetings and speak at the Lions Club, Rotary or something like that. So what Holly Grove one day, we went to the Rotary Club, I believe it was for lunch and the counselor was with me. So we sit down to, you always, they would feed us and I look over and notice the dessert is rice pudding. And I'm thinking, how am I going to get out of this? So when people aren't paying that much attention, I kind of edge it over away where it's not real close to me. So then later on, when they're clearing the table and everything, so I knew at this point I was doomed.