This recording, West Virginia 4, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gilmour Kuller and Barbara Somerville. Comma gets a cure. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up per kit and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of fit mouth disease, which was surprising, because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic which made an unsanitary mess, the goose's own or Mary Harrison kept calling, comma comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong and huge so it takes some forced to trap her but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune for to her. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much but Mrs. Harrison a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. Several times when I have traveled, one time was in New Orleans and I went to see a fortune teller just for fun and as I was talking to her she told me that I should be doing what she was doing that I should tell you know fortunes or read people and I thought that was really strange with you and so I thought that was you know wild and the closest I've ever felt anything like that was I have a lot of dreams like over the years I grew in the dream and then I think something happens and I feel like wait a minute I kind of dreamed that but I dream to that I'm sorry but anyway um but the one experience that kind of does freak me out was um I was living in New York City and I was asleep and in the dream my dad was driving I'm from West Virginia and he was driving in the rain and it was kind of dark but not dark like nighttime it was kind of like the sun was just coming up but it was still rainy so it was probably super early and then in the dream he he fell asleep at the wheel and kind of went off the road and then I kind of woke up and and then I woke up and I looked outside like when I was in New York City and I I remember here in the cars and stuff and and it was barely daylight there so it was kind of like strange it was sort of the same time and I fell back asleep so when I woke up later I had completely forgotten about the dream but happens the strange thing is later in the day I don't talk to my dad all the time but he called me and I remembered and this was like almost it's almost an evening and I said oh wait a minute dad I totally just remembered I had this crazy dream about you this morning um it's really glad to hear your voice I forgot all about it and you and then and I just started talking because he was laughing and being silly and he's a joker and um as I was talking to him about it I said yeah he was early and you were you were driving and it was raining and then I was then he got really quiet he's very earthy he's he's not one to believe in and this kind of stuff really but he was freaked out and I said what's going on dad and he said well I drove to bluefield this morning and that's about an hour and a half or more he lives he sells insurance so he was he takes these early morning appointments and he said I drove to bluefield this morning and it was pouring the rain and it was barely daylight and I fell asleep at the wheel and I jerked my car and then I grew up you know I realized I was falling asleep he said because it was just a second and then I jerked it and I was okay