This recording, Florida 10, is copyright international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyrighted on the Sanana of Gilmour-Cuella and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian who had been working daily at an old zoo and deserted district of the territory. She was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square, near the Duke Street tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning, she felt stress. She had a bowl of porridge tucked herself in the mirror and washed her face in her hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the bed. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a wear, form, a foot and out disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. The forelong that itchy goose began to start around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison kept calling, Kamakama, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Kamama was a strong and huge. So it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. This course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine pain so much, but Miss Harrison and Millenir lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. I was born in Pensacola, Florida. I attended school at MacArthur Elementary. I now a student at the University of Las Forder. My parents work in town. My father is a city for the city of Pensacola. My mother works for heaven in hospice. I have a younger sibling. She is six years younger than I am. I have two pets. Their names are Coco and Tater. Tater is like a little rat dog. He's a mother. It's so as Coco. Coco just looks like a mini lab as we like to say. For the summer, I'm hoping to give a summer job at the gym on campus or close to home. And also take two summer classes. Maybe get a science out of the way because that's not a fun time. And maybe another English. In my spare time, I like to hang out with friends and go to the beach. And I like to redecorate my room when I have free time and try to make it as different as possible.