Of this recording, received pronunciation 5 is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure is copyright Douglas N. Honoref, Gil McCuller and Barbara Somerville. Comma gets a cure. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veteran rener so he'd been working daily at an old zoo in the deserted district of the territory. She was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square and the other due to the street tar. That area was much in Europe. Even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She had a burner porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long that is she goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was a lot of choice to rename. comma was strong and huge so it would take some force to trap her but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm and singing a tune to her. Finally she admitted to the ether. The efforts were not futile. In no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing ball. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a claw and later on her right side. And Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Or Mr. Beach at least she remained an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of medicine. I can't imagine paying so much but Mrs. Harrison a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price to supplement for a cure.