This recording, Rhode Island 2, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gilmour K. and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Doof Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sent sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling comma comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for her name. comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. The goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped off, wiped her off with a cloth, and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this cost of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. The state that there may be different, or maybe the people get a little confused. They don't understand the pronunciations or whatever. One of the things that comes to mind is the town of Barraville and the northern part of the name was always getting butchered. All of the people in the world are in the middle part of the town. But I would think that places like Oakland, Mapleville and Pasco are very far to most Rhode Island unless you live in the vicinity of Barraville. However, people lived down the southern part of the state would probably So I guess it kind of depends where you grow up and what your experience is, exposure is like in terms of an awareness of this. But I always kind of found villages kind of an interesting concept here in Rhode Island.