This recording, Alaska 5, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gilmour Kala and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a visionary, who had been working daily at an old zoo in a dessert to district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice, in the north-swear near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her, and more toward her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a face jacket, picked up her kit and hated for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before the long, that's the agey goose began to strut around the office like a heganetic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling Koma, Koma, which Sarah thought was not choice for the name. Koma was strong and huge, so it takes some force to drop her, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Sarah warned that this course of tribute might be expensive. Either five or six times the course of pain is silly, like anti-match and paying so much for Mrs. Harrison and Amelia in her list. But it was actually part of Kennedy in the United States. When you combine all this, you wind up with long, always everywhere short-ease that's like a's and a thirst, but sing, so long he quality of the voice. The other is a little bit more subtle, it is about failures. Their tens of years much higher to propensity for people here in Virginia, especially in my classes, the place where such as a like, kind of, and you know, in between the everyday positive sentence. Well, why not that even though this is Southwest Virginia, most students chose to come from the Washington DC metro area and are not represented in the Vapala Latin English speakers whatsoever. Speaking of which, I definitely picked up on a bit of Vapala Latin vocabulary, the correct pronunciation of Vapala-i-shift for the one, but I will occasionally find myself saying, holler, yonder, wash, additions, and pump, crazy. Anyway, in Alaska, many people I know tend to speak more slowly and take much more deliberate silent pauses in their sentences, or sometimes not at all of the are thought over what they're going to say before saying it. I'm not sure whether this is just pure coincidence, and if you know I'm going to have a like, is it just a generational thing? It's also country and I just sound like a 40 year premature boomer, but I like my lack of likes because it makes me some more assertive.