This recording, Arkansas 42, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted street of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job. A superb private practice in North Square near Duke Street Tower. That area was very much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and watched her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the bed. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising. Because normally, you would only expect to see it in a dog or goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsenitary miss. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling, comma, comma, would Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong, huge, and so it would take some force to trap her. But Sarah had a difficult, a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm. Then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered, she administered either. Her efforts were not fuel, and no time the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped. She wiped her off her off the clove and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the batch diagnosis. Almost measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times to cost a penicillin. I can't imagine paying too much, but Miss Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for the cure. When I first started and decided to get into the business of public service, my mom and dad early on in my career, especially dad, wanted me to be a priest. And dad sent me to graduate school, not once, but twice. And went to Webster for a couple years, suburb of an ethnic at St. Louis. And when I graduated from there, about a year and a half later, dad noticed that you're still not a priest. And so he decided to come back later instead, and he asked me if I wanted to go back to graduate school, and I said, sure, I would love to. And so he decided that he was going to send me back and I ended up choosing this school in Baltimore, Maryland, St. Mary's. He fell in love with St. Mary's instantly. I spent three and a half years up there. It was in a lightning experience, being around all of the international students, and me being one of two American students, had a phenomenal time. It was a bit of a struggle for the environment, strict environment, but it was one dad, was probably one of the most again in lightning in my entire life. So once I graduated, I was probably the only check that I was the only student that graduated, did not go on to become a priest. Dad was just completely beside himself. He finally decided that he had lost that round or two. And finally conceded that, hey, I'm not going to push it. My son has decided that he wanted to be in public service, but being a priest was probably not his call. So he allowed me to just go on my merry way and decide to continue to pursue public life, and I got into city management, and I've never looked back. But one of the most intriguing things about working in city management is the one thing I get to do. I get to wake up every single morning with the opportunity to help someone.