This recording, Arkansas 27, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Comma gets a cure. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perra, Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the Territory, so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, one of first mornings, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to travel, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Miss Harrison, a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. Yes, so blood of your first deer on your face. I know it is an Arkansas tradition. I don't know if it's carried on in other places, but this was specifically in South East Arkansas. So growing up, my father was an independent insurance agent, like I am, and he had customers all around the state, primarily in the road construction industry. In this particular customer from Hamburg, Arkansas, he would invite us to come deer hunting every Thanksgiving. And so we would, after Thanksgiving meal, we'd load up in our car, dad would drive us down to outside of Hamburg to an area called promised land. Honest to goodness, there is a promised land Arkansas. They have a deer camp set up, all these traders and so forth. And being a young kid, I was probably somewhere between 10 and 12 when this happened. So it's probably early 70s. And we go to the camp and it's a bunch of old crusty old meon and it's male stuff, as you can imagine, a male deer camp out in middle of the woods would be. And so I'm in a deer stand the next morning with my dad. And Mr. Clark is at the next deer stand down the road and it's cold and it's early and bored. And I've never shot a deer before and all of a sudden I see a deer crossing the road. And so I pull the rifle up, my father had me using and got the scope up to my eye and looked at it and thought, okay, and I squeeze the sugar. And apparently I hit the deer but the deer did not fall, it ran off into the woods. So Mr. Clark down the road, he heard the shot so he comes out of his stand, we come out of our stand and we kind of meet down the road and Mr. Clark gets all over me because his that was too far of his shot for me to take. He was about to squeeze the trigger and he was a little bit upset with me. I think he was pulling my leg. But he went back and stepped it off and it was a really a long shot or probably shouldn't. Now we have to go find the deer. So we traips off a little bit, we see the blood so it's been hit and we're probably maybe 40 yards into the brush into the trees and there's this doe laying on the ground still alive, just laying there like it's sleeping or just resting. And so another part of Southern indoctrination you get to go ahead and kill the deer. So he said I stepped back and pop her off board, I'm going to step back pull the rifle up and hopefully quickly, mercifully into the deer's life with his little pain as possible. So we're out in the middle of the woods and it's time to feel dressed the deer so we can get the remains back to the camp and get it skinned and cornered and preserved the meat and so forth. And so Mr. Clark takes over at this point and he takes out a big knife and he starts getting the deer and he slips down the belly and starts removing all the insides and so forth and so this doe female deer is on her back with her insides just played open and Mr. Clark's down on his knees doing everything and apparently my shot had gone through the lower intestine because it had ripped the bow all apart and all sorts of stuff and I had totally forgotten about this blood on your face of your first deer and I'm just like wide-eyed over having killed my first deer and Mr. Clark says, boy get over here and help me hold this leg back so I reach over Mr. Clark's shoulder with my right arm to grab the deer's right rear hand leg and he takes both hands down into the bloody cavity of the deer and scoops up everything that he can blood included and everything else floating around in there and listen both up over shoulder right into my gaping mouth and face. In my eyes and it's just dripping down my face my dad's beaming with pride so the tradition is you have to wear that little on your face the entire day. They ride a passage for a young deer slayer.