This recording, Arkansas One, is copyrighted into national dialects of English Archive. When sunlight strikes rain drops in the air, they act as a prism in former rainbow. The rainbow was a division of white light in many beautiful colors. These take the shape of a long, round arch with this path high above, and it's two ends apparently beyond the horizon. There is a according to legend, a bowling pot of gold at one end. People look that no one ever finds it. When a man looks for something beyond his reach, his friend says, looking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. I was born on a farm, I was born at home. My mother was a native of St. Louis. She was born and raised in St. Louis, Missouri. My dad was born and raised in LeBacca, Arkansas. They met in San Diego, during the war. Got married, and had me, and then they waited five years, and had a set of twins, 15 months, had a little girl, and waited five more years, had a little boy. About a year or a year and a half after, he, the last little boy, was born with another diet cancer. Some of my earliest recollections may not be so much recollections that I have, but the recollections that have been told to me. Living on a farm, I guess my mother had me in a buggy one time, and took me out to the barn, and evidently, was pushing me through the barn lot, and the bull was in the same pasture, same lot that she was in, and I guess he decided that she didn't belong there, so he chased her out, and took the buggy over with me in it. I guess it's kind of a miracle that I survived, and I can remember, my parents tell me that when I was just at the crawling stage, there was no well in the place, and had a bunch of boards on top of it. I remember crawling up on that, and I actually remember sitting on top of this well, and remember my mother running, you know, five, and y'all scared, and so anyway, she got me off the well, and I didn't, you know, I didn't go down in it, but a lot of memories like that, I can remember, especially being about five years old when the first set of kids came along after me, all of the diapers that we had, and we had every window had a clothesline that left the house, and went to a fence post or a pole or whatever, and diapers in the hallway, and diapers in the commode, diapers everywhere, so you couldn't go to the bathroom without having cleaning diapers, because there was three in diapers all the same time. Went to a lot of different schools, until I reached the ninth grade, there were two different years that I attended four different grade schools in the same year, went to schools primarily in the San Francisco, Oakland Bay Area in California, and then if I wasn't in school there, we moved back to St. Louis and go to school with different schools in St. Louis around St. Louis and we made after our starting in the ninth grade, we moved to Greenwood, Arkansas, and my dad was a farmer and a carpenter, and basically I spent four years as long as I spent at anyone's schools at the University of Arkansas, four years in high school, graduated, I don't know, top 10 percent, but not all that good. Came to the university in 1966, and graduated here in 70, and then waited about 10 or no, I guess it's about 18 years. I waited, came back and worked on the masters, and got my masters here at the University of Oak East for this case. Currently I'm married, my last name is Janice, we have a daughter whose name is Shannon, she's about 27, she's married, has a husband, his name is Brett, Brett Lawson, no grandkids yet looking forward to it soon, but none yet, I basically now employed at the University of Arkansas, I do little remodeling projects for homeowners around an area, a little bit, I raise big cows and basically that's pretty much the story in my life.