This recording, Arkansas 31, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gil McCuller and Barbara Somerville. Comma gets a cure. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plane, yellow dress, and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot in mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this might her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her, that Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing attuned to her, finally she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile, in no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much that Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for the cure. So, my story about lightning, when I was about five years old and we still lived in Paragold and my uncle who was an alcoholic, but he was a very cool alcoholic, like he was a woodworker and he knew how to do so many things. He was coming over for dinner one night and as my mom was getting dinner ready and it was lightning like crazy outside and he took us out and you could tell we were kind of pride. I can remember being a little bit of pride but he took us out in the front yard and he was telling us about the weather and that we didn't have to be afraid because it was way far out of there and you could see it was just lighting up the sky and so we went in and we ate dinner and it got stormy during stormy and I went in and light down on the couch. I was you know like that was still sitting at the table. Light down on the couch and fell asleep and our house got struck by lightning and my father freaked out because the like the TV blew up we just got an TV they had not had a TV before that and like all these things like just it hit the house got hit and my father was afraid because I had fallen asleep on the couch. He thought I was dead and my mom came running in there and like I was fine everything was fine. Okay fast forward to when I was living in low rock. We're living in a house that I was there with my three daughters and all of a sudden the sky turns weird color and I could just feel like there was a storm coming and my kids were on the electronics. They were one was running a vacuum cleaner. The TV was going and low and behold like I just screamed get away from everything. You could just like the sky was green. It felt weird. I could feel the hair on my arms standing that and just as I got them all down into the room lightning hit that house caught the house on fire. The animals were all caught in the house like I'm trying to catch cats throw in the kids at the door go get tell the neighbor to call you know the fire department whatever fast forward a few years when I moved to North Laura and like I'm caught in this storm trying to get from the grocery store to the back to the house and it's like three minutes from the house so I know this storm is like just right above our house and I hear like this commitment lightning I get to my house like three seconds later and lightning has hit my house again for the third time three times in my life.