This recording, Harkensaw 11, is copyright the international dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas N. Anrath, Gil McCuller, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duc Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more took her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she held stressed, shade a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry, and she put on a plain yellow dress in a fleece jacket, picked up her kid and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet, the letter implied that the animal could be suffering from rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising, because normally you would only expect to see in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong and huge, so it takes some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. Percy tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she had ministered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to beat the goose, she wiped off, she wiped her off with a cloth and lay her on the right side, on her right side. Then, Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. Something that really irritates me, especially when I travel outside of Arkansas, or people that do not seem to understand the difference between sweet tea and iced tea. iced tea is tea without sugar in it, and you cannot make it sweet tea. Specifically, I remember a time when I went to Chicago, and I had, this was the absolute breaking point. I asked the person, do you have any sweet tea? We have unsweet tea and sweet and low. I stopped there. I said, if someone from the south, specifically a Arkansas ever asked you that, that is not sweet tea. You have to add sugar to hot sweet tea in order for it to properly dissolve. Otherwise, you're going to have this gritty and gross texture, and so you might as well just say, no, we don't have sweet tea because you're going to answer the person's question a lot faster. One exception, the caveat, is that if you serve sweet tea or unsweet tea, with simple syrup, then you can easily make it at a sweet tea because that's a liquid into a liquid. But unsweet tea and sweet mo will not sweet tea make, so really irritating people don't understand what sweet tea is. Typical sweet tea recipe in Arkansas always will depend on the vessel that you're using, almost every family that I know has their tea picture, which generally is about a gallon in amount. It could be less, it could be more. It greatly varies some people like, whoa, my home refers to a stump water, which is where you put a lot of sugar, as much as two cups to a gallon, not a gallon of sugar, but two cups of sugar to a gallon of tea, which will make it incredibly sweet, borderline saccharine, and wait two sweet for me. When I'm still living at home, I've made it with a couple of sugar that living on my own now, I don't hardly ever have sweet tea, just because I don't keep white sugar in my house, because I don't need to add the sugar in my diet. But if I were to make it, I would brew if you're using individual bags about four to five of black tea, not real gray, you don't want to break as well, and you just want to like orange beco, you'll see in the T.I.L. and Walmart or Harps or wherever, you boil it, let it cool down, add it to the picture, add your sugar, and keep it a good stir. You can add ice to taste in it, but just put the picture in the fridge and it'll cool down when it's cool, have a bite.