This recording, Arkansas 18, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gil McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who'd been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb product practice in Northsweer near the Duke Street town. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. And then she put on a plane yell address with a fleece jacket and picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the bed. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of food and mass disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, Puma, Puma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for her name. Puma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to travel that Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a little tend to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto Kama and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she walked her off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then, Sarah confirmed the bed's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for her cure. When I was interviewed for a position for librarian in the fateful school district, it was an interview with an assistant superintendent and a principal, and I was very anxious to kind of work for the fateful school district. One of the questions that the administrator asked me was, why did you decide to become a librarian? I thought about it for a minute. I said, well, I really wanted to be an opera singer, but that didn't work out, and so librarian was the next best choice, and they both laughed a lot, and the administrator retails that story all the time now. And so, I got the job.