This recording, Arkansas 8, is copyrighted the International Dialects of English Archive. Comic gets a cure, is copyrighted, Douglas N. Onoroff, Gil McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in an deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start in a job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was woman with a ghost waiting for her. Woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vent. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising, because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this might her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy ghost began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsenitary mess. The ghost's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma. What Sarah thought was an odd choice for her name. comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. If she tried gently stroking the ghost's lower back with her palm, then singing a turn to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time the ghost began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on the right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah won the discourse of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times across the peninsula. I can't imagine paying so much, but Miss Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. I was born in West Memphis, Arkansas, in 1982, and for the next three years I was raised in Palestine, Arkansas, until my mother went off to college in Jonesboro where I lived until the time I was in third grade when we came back to Palestine. I attended Palestine lately, elementary school, and spent the rest of my time there, see, all through junior hop and senior hop, played sports, football basketball and baseball, and then track. From the time I was about 15 years old, I got my first truck and also my first experience with Rotterdam drinking. We were actually, it was pretty sad. We actually had a charge account set up at this little store for a couple of 15-year-olds so we could charge beer because we could only come up there with change and only able to buy like a 40 or something like that every day. I graduated at the top of my class from Palestine and we were saved a lot of honors from my student voting who was home in the school and things like that. My senior year football season, my sister passed away in a car accident. I was really kind of sad and I really got to know where that was.