This recording, Arkansas 15, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian that had been working daily at an old zoo in an deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square during the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more tack her lucky, even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry and then she put on a plain yellow dress and a bleach jacket picked up her kit and headed forward. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for the woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet, the letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of the math disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was in the middle, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mitts. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name, comma was strong and huge, so it took some force to crack her, but Sarah had a different idea of first she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm than singing a tune to her. Finally, she had ministered to eat through. For efforts, we're not feet tall. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to common and give her a relaxing back. Once Sarah had managed to vet the goose, she walked her off with a cloth and later on a right side and Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times a cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying some luck, but Miss Harrison, a millionaire, all your thought it was a fair price for it here. Okay, well that was a few years ago. My husband was, we've been looking for houses for a while and I'd seen several that I thought was good enough and we can move into it, but my husband's so hard to make a decision and takes so long that I was like, well, this is never going to happen, but we live in the house for others, so we start smelling something and there was a dead cat that had gotten our ventilation system and we lived there for two months with that dead cat and finally I was like, I'm going to move into a mug tail if we don't cut down a house pretty soon and we found the house that weekend and we've been living there since. So that's how we finally moved out of the trailer. Sure, we're going to go run a back cage. Just into Nels are really excited. Yeah, I'm not. You're going to run it. I'm going to walk in. Well, that's all right. Because Grace is going to be relying on you. Yeah, her daughter's coming with us. Yeah, I'm fat and pregnant right now, so I don't know how to expect their love expensive in the line. I mean, that's not true. If you're pregnant, but you're not pregnant, Mary, you didn't solve it. Yeah, I'm excited because my daughter wants to get out there and do a little race. She's a lamb. Yeah, it's an annual thing that we're doing. Yeah, and you win good prizes. Oh, yeah, the chocolate. Yeah, the chocolate in this pretty good. That's all I got. Really? That's the best thing about it.