This recording, Arkansas 24, is copyright the international dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas N. Onreth, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress, and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for a work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot mouth disease, which was surprising. Because normally, you would only expect to see it in a dog or goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this major feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, the itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for an aim. comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trapper, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing attuned to her. Finally, she administered either. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah remembered the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. I started the University of Arkansas in kindergarten in the summer of 1940. At the time, my father was a high school agriculture teacher in Desarq in Prairie County, Arkansas, but we spent the summers in Fayetteville. Go to graduate classes at the time. So I was enrolled in kindergarten in Peabody Hall and it worked out good because we were staying at my grandmother's and she lived on a leveraged street of block and a half to the north of the campus. One of the things that I had to do that required in a great skill was to cross Maple Street. But the first day of kindergarten, they decided to give me a mathematics entrance exam. They didn't tell me that was what they were going to do. They, they was a young lady who was getting a bachelor's degree and education was going to be a school marim. She was probably a junior or a senior. She handed me a rubber ball and she said, I want you to bounce this rubber ball and I want you to count. And when you get as far as you can count, then you can quit bouncing. Well, she didn't know it, but I could have counted farther than she could. I was good at counting. But I was pretty poor at bouncing balls. So I took that ball in my hand and I threw it down and it bounced up and I missed it. So that was one and I stopped. She tried every trick in her bag of tricks to get me to count farther. But I had heard her instructions to begin with, count as many as you bounce it and I wasn't about to have those instructions changed just because I couldn't catch the ball. So after a while she decided that was not really my great skill and I think she put me down as deficient in mathematics. Took me to another room and tried to get me to do some finger painting. I wasn't particularly interested in finger painting and I was still kind of annoyed about the inability to catch the bouncing ball. But I was stuck in that room with my blue finger paint and a piece of paper. And I didn't think I was ever going to get out of there until I developed a very clever idea. If I had no finger paint, then they wouldn't make me paint. So I ate the blue finger paint. I got to take a note home with me which this young lady tried to explain to my mother what had happened and she says, I don't think the blue finger paint will do him any harm but it might cause his stool to be blue. And that was my introduction with the University of Arkansas in the summer of 1940.