This recording, Arkansas 20, is copyright the international dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at a old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near Duke Street Tower. Area was much near for her and more to her liking even though on her first morning she felt stressed. She had a ball of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry, then she put on a plane, yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there there was a one with a goose waiting on her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet, the letter, implied that the animal could be sent from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic which made an unsentitary miss. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling comma comma, which Sarah thought it was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong and he used to would take some force to trap her but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently striking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her finally she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile in no time the goose began to tire so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose she wiped her off with a cough and laid her own her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the bent stagnosis almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of three might be expensive either five or six times the cost of penalty and I can't imagine paying so much but Miss Harrison a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for the cure. Yeah so living in Southern Arkansas we've all had chickens growing up so I was in 4H my sister was so we've all had like a bunch of chickens and so well if I always had like these brown layers they're just very docile creatures they'll come up to like dogs and say feed me feed me other stuff funny but we got a rooster one time a Rhode Island red and they're like this tall they're gigantic and so my daddy named him big sexy because and I hated that name I said no we're going to name a big pretty but now his name was big sexy and so he was evil mean he tried to spurt everybody and so one day mom was in her bathroom she went to go feed the chickens and I was on the porch just waiting for her to get back because we had to go to school and then she was walking back the rooster came up behind her and spurt her right in the butt and I fell off the porch the laugh and I was so funny and then so then he tried to spurt me he spurt my grandma and then he tried to spurt my sister in the face and then someone said he saw that took a piece of the firewood because we have our own wood stove because we're in the dark ages apparently and so he took one of that and went into the chicken coop and him and he had killed him and that was the end of big sexy um no story about chickens is that uh we had another rooster he was also very mean he was named McDonald because he was white like the chickens that they would use to kill four McDonalds and so he was so mean he tried to spurt me multiple times so then we took a big bamboo pole and hit him in the head and it's kind of like went the opposite direction but he lived and then um he kept spurting people over and over again and so my sister she's the chicken woman the chicken wonder she left him outside one night to let the out eat him and so then we woke up the next morning he was in pieces everywhere so just to get rid of him um so and then also when you have chicken you have a lot of predators that come and try to eat your chickens so one day my sister I don't know why she was out there so late but she went out there with a flash like open up the chicken coop and the chickens were like up on their little roost things and um so she walked in and there was a possibly more chicken and then a skunk in there trying to get another chicken as she was daddy coming and so um he went out there shot them both and yeah also we got cones that go in there snakes one time a snake try to get into the chicken house um we had electric fence around it killed the snake and then the chickens ate the chicken snake so they got their little ribbons but anyway and there's countless more stories about chickens and just living in Arkansas but that's a few and the ones I like shared today