Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She had a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in her hurry. That she put on a plate nail address and a please jacket, picked up her kit, and headed forward. But she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman do Sarah and official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising, because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itching goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a knee. comma was strong and huge, so it takes some force to trap her. The Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm than singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ethyr. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her out with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of a penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much by Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for it here. So I was 19 in studying abroad in Rome, and I went to the opera by myself, and I bought my ticket pretty last minute, so it was just really horribly expensive. And I sat in a box, and all the other members, all the other people sitting in the box were often California, so they introduced themselves to me that were very friendly. But they commented specifically on my accent, or what they perceived as me, not having an accent, and just they thought that that was funny and surprising. I think they may have been more surprised to find an arcane than at the opera, but maybe that's just me. So growing up, I would say the person who asked me during my family was from Northwest Arkansas, except for my mother, who was from Northeast Arkansas, and when I was very young, she had a very thick delta accent, there's home videos of us saying our EVCs, saying like A, Bay, Say, they just really thick, but I think she kind of lost out the longer she lived in Northwest Arkansas, and I don't feel like I have a really thick southern accent, like other parts of Arkansas does, and I think a lot about it's just my family doesn't, and then of course, I'm going to college and travel in a great deal, maybe I lost some of it that I did have. Don't know, be interested to compare from when I was younger.