This recording, Arkansas 34, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Comma gets a cure. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily in an ozone, deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bottle of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was one with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be supping from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising, because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sent a mental, so this matter feels sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsantered, hairy mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma. Which, Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Comma was strong and huge, so it took some forced to trapper, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing attuned her. Finally she had managed to administer it either. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and a lighter on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the fifth to diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this, of course, that this course of treatment might be expensive, either fire six times across the peninsula. I can't obtain so much, but Miss Harrison, the millionaire, the Miss Harrison, the millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. My father's name was Stanley, and he was born in 1910 in Dining, Arkansas. My father's parents were both from Poland, and they'd immigrated separately around 1900, and met in a Polish community in New York City. Then moved to Arkansas, so that my father's, my grandfather, my father's father, could work in the coal mines, which he had experienced doing in Poland. So for several coal mines in the Arkansas River Valley, and the one at Dining was very active to him, so he first went to work there. I thought it was interesting that my father was born the day they arrived from New York City on a train, the same day. The story is his mother, he had one over sister, and his mother carried that child, some two or three miles to their home, but a railroad station, and then gave birth to my father that same day. So he was very proud of his Polish heritage, not that he talked about it a lot, but he certainly had a little bit of chip in his shelter. My mother told me the experience quite a bit of discrimination as a child. They would call polls and checks, hunks and bow hunks and slabs, and she said he even got rocked going to school at times, but he grew up to be a very tough man. I can attest to that myself and also stories I've heard over the years about Fatsy got into. Many I'm related to his heritage, but he was always a polock joke for always welcomed at our home as long as a polock was telling him, but if anybody else did, he had a problem with it unless it was a cross-frame, but he worked in the coal mines himself for some 40 years, first in the mountains, didn't area, and then after he and my mother married, they moved to Paris. It was kind of an interest in part of that to me. He had taken a job in the mines, the Paris, the Black Jewel, it was called, and couldn't afford to move my mother over there at first, so he got a room in a boarding house and worked a few months, and then my mother's uncle loaded all of her belongings up in a trunk, and he delivered her over there, and they had a small apartment after that, so he worked in the mine, as long as they were active, I think Ausja sort of shut down underground mining because the dangers there, but after that he worked construction, had a real strong consultation, I've never known any of my sedans working, his whole life, and the mining was very dangerous in those days, especially, I remember when I was very little going to waste for people that had been killed in mining accidents, and my mother's father was killed in a mining accident, and there's a memorial to the coal miners in Arkansas near Altus, and I can go down there, and my mother's name was Shirley, before she married, there are a number of the Shirleys that got killed in the coal mines, as well as some diamonds, so it was a very good living, and he had a couple of months off in the summer to fish and do what he wanted to do, but it was hard and dangerous work. He was, I think, his last job with the mines, he was what was called a pit boss, and that's the underground boss for a shift, and he would go to work in mines, it's like four o'clock in the morning, but he would actually go down there about the time he arrived, and I had a little seat with an engine on it, and he would ride that once he got to the shaft, and he would ride that tour, and they were actually digging out the coal by hand, and check with the current shift boss, and I found out what the problem was, there's any danger, and so forth, and then we go back to the top and lead his crew down there for their shift.