This recording, Arkansas 19, is copyright the international dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gil McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in the deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of ported porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face and they heard. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long that it she goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling Kama Kama, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for her name. Kama was a strong and was Kama was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then saying attuned her. Finally she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to Kama and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire, lawyer, thought it was a fair practice, price for a cure. I grew up in Litterock. I went to public schools and my mom was an art teacher in Litterock, so I went to school with her a bunch, growing up and went to Litterock Central High School and enjoyed those years and then moved to Mississippi, you go to college and Jackson, Mississippi for a couple of years, a small college there and transferred up to Fayville to the U.V., at my wife here and within what to Mississippi lived in Oxford, Mississippi and enjoyed a lot of the good food and the small town that was intimidating at first and in terms of being very a leadist head and a leadist quality of it about it and we lived there for quite a while and 90 years and then moved on to Connecticut. So we got deep lobster and got to be exposed to brew good pizza. So there were three different pizza places that really strong and new haven Peppies was the most famous of the three and what we figured out over time was to order specific things, specific pizzas were much better at certain places than others and that was the way to to do that. So Peppies, we ended up getting like a Gorgonzola and spinach. Pizza was really good. The margarita pizza was good at, oh gosh, I forgot in the name already. I think it was modern pizza. That was really good and made it Sally's, which was the other big place to go to pizza. But lobster, that's the other big food item we don't necessarily have around these parts too much, that's all that good at least. So we got to go to a lot of lobster shacks on the coast of Connecticut and and in New Haven as well. So those are some big things you enjoyed about living up there and things you miss. Then we moved to this area back to this area five over five years ago and here we are.