Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo and a deserted district of the territory. So, she was very happy to start a new job at a superb practice in North Square, near the Duke Street tower. The area was much near for her and more to her lacking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of fit and math disease, which was surprising. Because, normally, you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office, like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling. Kama Kamma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Kamma was strong and huge, so it takes some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing it to her. Finally, she administered ether. Our efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to Kamma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah managed to hand-bade the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then, Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. I live with my family in the country until I was in the fourth grade. We called it the Warner Place because they actually owned it, but they were older and they moved to town. There was a barn and Mr. Warner came and went to the barn often, and I have a brother who's four years younger than I and my grandmother lived with us. The house we had no electricity, we had no bathroom, we had an outhouse, and I was at school one day and my brother was swinging on a bag swing in the front of the house and one of the Warner Brothers kept hunting dogs down at the barn. They got out. My grandmother was in the backyard, hanging clothes on a line, and she heard a commotion, and she went to the front of the house and those hunting dogs. They pulled my little brother off that bag swing onto the ground, and we're biting him, furiously embarking, and Granny got a broom or a mop, and she ran the dogs off. It was very traumatic, and my brother had to go to town to the doctor, and I remember coming home from school, and he was in a bedroom. He shared with me, and it was quite dark, and my mother explained to me what happened, and it was a very traumatic time for our family, but he got all right, but the hunting dogs did not get out again. I don't know what happened.