This recording, Arkansas 22, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gil McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was a very happy to start a new job at the superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed to for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. There was an implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong and huge, so it takes some time to force trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune for her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped off with a cloth and later on her right side, then Sarah confirmed that the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times a cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying for so much, but Miss Harrison a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. Yeah, absolutely, so my Papa Jack and my dad built this like log cabin, which was really nice. That actually caught on fire a few years later after they built it, but while we were living there with my mom and my grandma, my grandpa, my father, and then like I'm the seventh child, we had one more at the baby brother. We would go out on the peach orchard and pick peaches, so we'd have to find the right this one. And since I was so young, I was unable to cut up the peaches to sell instead, so I was a lot at the job of finding the right this peach. So I would go out on some five acres and like 500 different trees and climb up to the very top and find just like the best smelly peach ever. It's just such a good memory, etched into my brain. And it would be like a dark purple was like a hardly any, you would just pinch it and be so soft that it was like, oh my goodness, and like soft as in like soft to the pinch, but also soft because it had a little peach fuzz on it, you know. And so you can remember biting into it and like filling the peach fuzz on your lips and stuff, so that's still a good memory for me. But I remember I was like washing a straw one time after going out and picking peaches, and I was fascinated with just watching the water go through the straw out of the faucet, but I was using the hot water and like my project did not like that and he like came over and swatted me so hard on the but it was like he was like April dawn, you know, and they used your middle name, you're like in trouble and I was like, you know what, he's like stop wasting the hot water, you know. It's like okay, pop of jack, I'm sorry. So that was a pretty good time working on the peach farm. One of the better memories that I have of my childhood, but yeah, like I said, I was too young to cut them up and stuff, so what can you do? But now I did watch them how they cut, you know, even though I was not allowed to. And so to nowadays I'm like just rehearse that memory in my head of watching them cut it while I cut up things now. So it's inversely it helps still, you know. So that's basically the story of me growing up on the peach orchard.