This recording, Arkansas 30, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gil McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Comma gets a cure. Well, here's the story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much newer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She had a boa porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face and are hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kid and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising, because normally you would expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this might have feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsenitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name, comma was strong in huge, so it would take some force to travel, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried stroking the goose's lower bike with her palm, then sang in attuned to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a reliance in bed. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with the claw and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. I'm mostly medley to remember that an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times it caused a penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire, lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. In May of 2014, a judge in Little Rock, Judge Piazza issued a ruling that it was illegal and unconstitutional to deny same six couples to the right to marry in Arkansas. That was on Friday night about five o'clock. I had been waiting for the news to hit, and so I looked at my phone. I was at a artery section, and I called up my partner, we'd been together 43 years at that time, and said, the judge made the ruling, do you want to get married in the morning? And he said, this is the proposal and I said, yes, it is, and he said, yes. So the next morning, right, and only we are at the courthouse that you re-consprings, the only courthouse in Arkansas that was open on Saturday to issue marriage license. That's because you re-consprings claims to be the marriage capital of the Mid-South. So we were there right in our way. There were two female couples ahead of us, and soon there were tons of people came from all over the state, some from Oklahoma, in order to get a marriage license and you re-consprings. And then I before the Human Rights Campaign had called me and wanted to follow me with the camera and a reporter and interview during the process knowing that I was going to do this. That's all I said, yes. So there they were. The county clerk, deputy county clerk showed up. The county clerk conveniently was out of town, and I had wind that there could be trouble with getting the license. So the deputy clerk walked up the steps of the courthouse and I asked her, if we could get license and she said, no, she said, I will only issue them to normal people. I was pretty mad at this point, but I thought maybe this could happen. So I had the judge's 14 page ruling printed and held in my hand. And so the Human Rights Campaign told everyone with us to follow in. The two female couples that were there ahead of us, out in line, we got in behind them, and she refused to issue license. Which to our grand, I told everyone to stay put, she called the police, the police came, threatened us with the rest, and told us to get out of the courthouse. My partner and a couple of my friends and I were the last to leave. So finally we felt we had to leave, and by the time I got to the car, the police called us back and said that a another clerk who was there to issue, take your voter registration, step in and said she would issue the licenses. So we got back in line the same way we were, we were third in line, we got our license. And because I knew this was going to happen, I had a friend who could officiate, do the wedding serve for us almost on the spot. We walked down the hall in the courthouse and got married immediately, turned the marriage license back in, so that'd be recorded in case of what's a stay. And we were the first same six male couple to be married in any southern state. So that is my big fat gay wedding story with a happy ending and no arrest.