This recording, Arkansas 38, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gil McCuller and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, she checked herself in the mirror and washed her face, washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and hated for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting the woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally he would only expect to see it in a dog or goat. Sarah was in a mental, so she, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, the itchy goose began to shred around the office like a loanative, which made an unsanitary miss. The goose's owner, Mary Harris, and Kip Collin, Kama, Kama, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Kama was a strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she had administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold on to Kama and give her relax and bed. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with the cloth and laid her on her right side. The insert confirmed the bitch that no cis, almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. Eta 5 or 6 times a cost of pinnacillin. I can't imagine paying so much. But Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer. That was a fair price for a cure. Well, so I grew up in the big a part of the city is called Forest City, but the small small part is called Bixper, like 300 people. I've always been a girl that likes to dress up. He's going to be in a hair stylist, but we live out with rosewood dust and rocks. So I had a five siblings, two sisters and three brothers, and then we live next door to my cousins, and it was five of them. And so some of the days for us, typically a day would be going outside and either playing sports in the front yard, like we would play football. We had a basketball goal with a dirt court because it was all dusty out there, or we would make make bikes or make goat carts out of old rams from a car. My brother was very creative and he would get like an old plank and put it on top of the rams and run a stick between between their rams and somehow anchor the plank to it. And that's how we would ride through the yards when it makes shift go card. He was smart or what my uncles would do sometimes is take a cord and hang it in a tree and run this cord from a tree to the ditch and get some old bicycle handles. And I didn't know then was called Zipline, but that's what we were doing. And made a zip line, but um and then when the ditches would flood, they would take what now we call polvox, they would go and find at least I think these sticks are probably tin feet and run, jump with the stick and jump over the ditch. But now that's what they did, but I didn't do it because I was too cute. I was too cute I didn't want to get hot. I didn't want to get big by my skaters. I didn't want to sweat. So I was standing watch. I think this won't end the way I am today. Not very athletic because I want to be involved, but I just couldn't bring myself. And also um we would they would. I I did once when it would rain with the flooded ditches they would go down the street and um we had these three bridges called first second and third bridge. We until the first bridge would flood which is basically a big old stream and they would get in there and start our swimming in muddy water fish and all that stuff in the water. I would always stand on the bank and watch. I didn't get in and so mainly the reason I didn't get in because I would always dress up and my mother back in the day a little black girls would get their hair pressed out with the pressing cone of what you would call a pressing curl. And so I didn't want to get my hair wet. So for a particular summer day they were out swimming in the dirt and I had my in the dirt dirt water. I had my cute little shorts that I never forget. It was a white shirt with purple shorts and the top had a purple palette pocket and I had my hair in my little berets in a snatch me in water and I was devastated. I think I was about nine and so I was like well shoot I'm already wet. Just let me go in play. So by the time we got out of the water and walked back down the road home my mom was about to go to town. I was like I'm wet and dirty. He's too scared. So she made me sit out and it had fun and dry. So my clothes became dry and my hair became dry. So that's a typical day out in the country with me growing up is just not fan in the doors playing outside being creative and sweating. It's not that fit.