This recording, Arkansas 10, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Come and get to cure, is copyright Douglas and Honoroff, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Summerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb product practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She had a ball of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising, because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this nighter feels sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, Kamma, Kamma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for an eye. Kamma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, in singing a ten-twoer. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto Kamma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and light her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times to cost a ten-a-cyline. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. I was born in Batesville, Arkansas, in 1949. My father was a veteran of World War II, and he and my mom had moved back to Arkansas from Colorado, with a gunstations during the war. I grew up on a farm in President Pline, which is a hamlet, I guess. There were 150 people in this very small town, and we had gardens, we had chickens, and cattle, and horses. There was a pond. There were woods. One of my favorite things as a child would be to climb in the trees in the backyard with fresh tomatoes and rebukes, and I spent many afternoons doing that. When I did have to work in the garden, I was always very happy at the end of the summer, because the corn was always near the highway, and I didn't want people to see me hoeing. And so the corn was Honda, so I was in this small house. It's silly now, you're on the farm, everyone does this, but at the time, that was a problem. We left the farm when I was 10, and my father went to graduate school in Louisiana, so we lived there for a while, and then we lived in Pound Bluff, which is in another part of the state. And by the time I finished college, I had lived in all four sections of Arkansas. I think one very clear memory I had, there was a big ass storm, maybe 1950, 60, 50, I had a long and there. And for two weeks, we had no electricity, and that was pretty rough. But they came along with a portable generator, and happened to be on the net that father knows fast was on television. And I remember so clearly sitting with the men and the generator, and my mother got to wash, use the washing machine, and some important things like that probably run the vacuum. But I got to watch a television show for 30 minutes in the midst of this long ass storm. And we had another one this past winter that was very severe across the south, apparently much worse than that one. But it was a very isolated time, the schools were closed the road.