With this recording, Arkansas 21 is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gil McCuller and Barbara Somerville. Comma gets a cure. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. The area was much nearer for her and mortar her liking. Even so, on her first morning she felt stressed, shadeable the porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and a washer face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, paid topper kit, and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to stir around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Comma was strong and used, so it takes some force to trapper and Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off of the cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that the required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times a cost of it, so I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for it here. So, one of my professors with the U of A, my creative writing and poetry professor once said that the story writing, the creative writing in general, is like French cooking. You have your meat, and you do something to it, then you do something else to it, and then you make a sauce. And, and I don't know how much I cared that away for creative writing, but I do remember that every time I cook, because I try to cook everything in one pan, so I have a big cast iron skillet that I like to use, and I'll take the meat, and I'll cook it, and then I'll do something else, and do something else. Usually, I make a gravy, because people always say, hey, how do you clean your cast iron skillet afterwards? My answers, I don't, I make gravy in it, and that cleans everything out of it. So, for instance, my wife, who's gluten and dairy intolerant, had been able to get gravy in years, and one night, I was making drops for dinner. I had intended to make drops for dinner, but in my experience, you always soak them in beer and grill them, and my wife can't have beer, and we don't own a grill. So, I got to look into my liquor cabinet, and I found some cans of cider from, I think, the angry orchard or something, and so I put all the brots in the skillet, and just poured a can of cider over it, and simmered it down until it was, it was so thick that it was almost like a jam, and I added some olive oil, got a good and hot again, and I set the brots to one side, and I got some gluten-free flour, sprinkled it in, basically made a roux, and then cooled it off a bit, and added, I think we're using olive milk at that time, I use goats milk now, we go a little for all the runs of dairy that we know, who gets us raw, unpassed dry goats milk, which is great for cooking with, but it's time, I had olive milk, and so I made this large pan of gravy, and that's kind of become, I think, particularly with my wife's family, whenever we dinner, particularly Thanksgiving, Christmas, whenever it's just assumed that once the meat is done, they will all get out of the way, so that I can make gravy. I keep thinking that as much as I hate cooking blogs, like for instance, I'm bartender and frequently similar to me for a drink that I don't know how to make, so I'll Google it really fast, and, and inevitably, someone will have nine minutes of story of why they love this drink, and no freaking ingredients listed, and you have to leave it all the way through it, so I'd hate to do a cooking blog for that reason, but on the other hand, I'd really enjoy relaying how I, you know, what things I have thrown in the pan, and I think you think that I'd call it, gross to sure, that fat of the day, because it's cooking, so you're supposed to use French terms, and that is one of my favorite things is being able to effectively recycle in the kitchen, so whatever gets cooked, it gets used one way or another, you know, my uncle made brisket of all back, and I just took home the pan of drippings to make it stew, and we are freezers dying currently, so, so as things fall, but the items with the most amount of liquid in them are still frozen, but say blueberries thought out earlier in the week, so I made blueberry calmer, but I had to make it fast, and I didn't have any just normal flower or anything, so I used a cornbread mix, and it was too dry and crumbly, so I baked it a second time, I just covered it in eggs and milk, and it made a bit, a bit plated, French does, that's how I like to cook, because quick do something with this, and then do something else with it.