This recording, Arkansas 13, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily in an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job as a permanent private practice in North Square near the Duke Street tower. That area was much nearer for her and more of her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kid and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in the dog or go. Sarah was sentimental, so this matter feels sorry even beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to struggle on the office like a lunatic, which made an unsenitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling common, common, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Common was strong and huge, so it would take some forced to track her, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently striking the goose's lower back of her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered either. Her efforts were not fuel. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on the common and give her relaxing bed. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed with that stinynessous. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of miss. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost to put a penicillin. I can imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. Okay, so I've lived in Fayetteville most of my life, which is a college town. Sometimes you don't realize how different a college town can be, and so you get outside of it. This was about five years ago, so I was about 40, and I went with two friends, one that was about five years younger than me, and one that was about five years older than me. As you know, hot springs is really close to hot springs village, which is a retiree community. There's a lot of, you know, old white guys, and those, and that night we went to the Ohio Club to pick up our heels a little bit. And so we're there, and there were people of a variety of ages there, from, you know, the plug early 20s, all the way up to obviously retirees. And early in the evening, some of the young girls got out there and were torquing a little bit, and then they, I guess, got tired and left, and the dance floor was empty, but the band was really rocky. And at one point, they finally started playing a song that, you know, my friends were like, when I get on the dance floor, so we jumped up and started dancing, and immediately we were surrounded by all these old guys in their 60s. And I mean, it was so weird, we were like the hot young things. We didn't have to buy a drink, the whole rest of the night. And it just gave me that contrast of like being in Fayetteville and being 40 that I kind of become really invisible, which I didn't even notice because I don't really care. I'm not like trying to get any attention, but the fact that it was such a different response in hot springs with these older gentlemen, that it would be here in Fayetteville college age, man, that really kind of opened my eyes to just how much of a college jump it,ville really is.