This recording, Arkansas 16, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gil McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job as a superb private practice in New North Square near Duke Street Tower. The area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first warning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket and picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth sees, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so she made her, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Perry Harrison, kept calling, Kama Kama, which Sarah thought was an odd choice or an aim. Kama was strong and huge, so it would take support to his trapper. But Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered even key administered, administered either. Her efforts were not futile, in no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto Kama and give her a relaxing back. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, because she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. When Sarah confirmed that that's diagnosis, almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but this Harrison, and billionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. When I was studying for my master's degree, I got to travel to my first international or my first national conference in Portland, Oregon. This was the furthest I ever been away from home, and it was my first time at the Pacific Northwest. I was really excited to go, but also nervous to be traveling so far to present my research. When I arrived, I had a poster to present, and it was my first poster presentation. They were probably 300 other students also presenting their work, and we had to stand by our posters and wait for judges to come by to speak to us and other students as well. Obviously, I was a little nervous, so I had several people come by to speak to me and ask me questions about my research. I have my spiel all set up and ready to go, but I was not prepared for a couple of questions that were asked of me. I had some other students approached me, and we were discussing my research when they asked where I was from. I said, I'm from Fayette, the Arkansas University of Arkansas. They said, wow, how did you get here? I said, well, I flew, and they're like, wow, that's so amazing. I didn't know there were airports in Arkansas, and I said, well, of course, there are airports in Arkansas, and in fact, I even wore shoes to attend this conference. So if that was just a lighthearted joke that I thought was funny, I'm definitely the first time that question had been posed to me.