This recording, Arkansas 9, is copyright the international dialects of English Archive. Comea gets a cure, is copyright Douglas Ann honor of Jill McCuller and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's the story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo and a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising. Because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ather. I guess that's ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tear, so Sarah was able to hold onto comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. I was born July the 10th, 1936, and then all stained taxes. And then when I was about 14 months old, my parents decided to move to Arkansas. So we moved to Washington County, Arkansas, and I grew up in Washington County. I really had quite a wonderful child, even though we were poor. I was the youngest of 10. Five girls and five boys, and I had wonderful parents. I absolutely adore each other and just demonstrate it. I just feel like I had a wonderful childhood. And like I said, we didn't have much money, but we had a farm and had plenty to eat. And my mother made most of our clothes. I remember one time it was Easter, and she made me a beautiful yellow dress, out of two feet sacks. If you don't know what a feed sack is, when we raise chickens for the market. And the feed sacks, when the feed would come, they'd come in 100 pounds, and it was just like clothy by the store. So my mother made me a beautiful yellow dress with lace on it, and little tiny black ribbon to feed into that lace, and then tie the little bows.