In this recording, Arkansas 36 is copyright the International Dialect of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, he is copyright Douglas N. Anrov, Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Am I next? He is copyright Dr. R. L. Booker. Comma gets a cure. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at Anozoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the fair. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising, because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental. So this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office, like a lunatic, which made an unsenitary mess. The goose's owner, Mayor Harrison, kept calling. Come with Sarah thought it was an eye choice for a name. Come with strong and huge. So it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold onto karma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with the cloth and laid her on her side. Then Sarah confirmed the vets diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment. They required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times a cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. Am I next? This is a thought that doesn't come to mind every day, but when it does, it's enough to make any person challenge and be angry at the idea that all men are created equal. It angers me to see my brothers and sisters continually being unjustly murdered in the streets. Every time I embrace my wife and my three-year-old daughter, I have flooded with the same question. If this the last time they will embrace me, am I next? The past three weeks for me have been filled with the roller coaster emotions. I have felt these emotions before, but this ride has been much more intense. We all saw a mod or berry running, fighting for his life, and ultimately murdered. We all heard the cries of George Floyd. I can't breathe, please, you're near my neck. His cries for help were not unfamiliar to black Americans. For we have heard cries for help from our mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, cousins, grandparents, and friends. We also saw Amy Cooper weaponized her wife privilege in an attempt to show Christian Cooper how inferior he was to her when she stated. I'm taking a picture and calling the cops. I'm going to tell them there is an African-American man threatening my life. This one call could have ended like so many real life scripts that we have seen, and which a black person loses their life. Am I next? The situation's black folks experiencing America are not isolated events. Since 1619, history has been the marker with which we can see the long list of millions of black folks that have been enslaved. 246 years, lynched, segregated, deprived, marginalized, murdered, discriminated, discounted, and not believed. 12 years after the 13th Amendment, which actually freed enslaved black bodies. Black folks were more prosperous than we had ever been. Nonetheless, the great compromise of 1877, a few about white jealousy of black success and prosperity, unleashed 103 years of Jim Crow on blacks across the United States. This destroyed businesses, the ability to own home, congressional positions hailed, human rights, and denied black folk the ability to build wealth, which killed people like my five times great grandfather Anthony Lewis, who was brought here as a slave from leaving any legacy to his children and grandchildren. Am I next? According to Roland Martin, 2013 National Association of Black Journalists, National Journalists of the Year. The marker when black Americans were technically fully free was 1970, meaning you could work anywhere, live anywhere, or anywhere. My mother was born in 1958, and attended a segregated school into fifth grade. This means that my three sisters and I are the first generation in our family to be born technically fully free. Even though we had important legislation such as the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Voting Rights Act of 1965, and the Fair Housing Act of 1968. There is a amount of research and life experiences that show how black Americans continue to face lynchings, segregation, deprivation, marginalization, oppression, murder, discrimination, discounted and not believed from the 1964. Am I next? Fastboarding to the 1990s were black folk, mostly men, have been the targets of police brutality, mass incarceration, defraining of life, and the subject of fear in the minds of people. This for people who have displayed for centuries has led to black folk to work even harder to assimilate to the dominant culture. As many black leaders have noted, if black people in this country do not master the ability to be at, the system of systemic racism will break them. We've changed our hair, we've changed our clothing, we've learned to adjust the way we talk when in white spaces and more. This assimilation is something that most black people do not even realize anymore, because this has become such a survival mechanism. Nonetheless, research shows that more than 80% of white people have very high levels of unconscious racial bias. This bias has led and continues to lead to the denial of access to much needed resources and dehumanization merely because the color of one skin. Am I next? As a black man, husband, father and son, asked that all Americans, especially in my white brothers and sisters, not just stand with me, but also do the work of learning about the four history and injustices that plague black Americans. Why am I asking this? Because I do not want to be next. Dr. Martin Luther King stated that Negroes only hold one key to the double lock of peaceful change, but others in the hands of the white community. We have written a declaration of independence itself and accomplishment, but the effort to transform the words into a life experience still lies ahead.