This recording, Arkansas 5, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comea gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor off Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Pady was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo and a deserted district of the territory. She was very happy to start a new job at a superb, private practice in North Star, near the Duke Street Tower. The area was much neat, nearer for her and more to her locking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face and a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket. Ficked up her kit and headed for work. Once she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising. Because normally, you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. A forelong that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary miss. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling. Kamma, Kamma, was Sarah thought it was an odd choice for a name. Kamma was strong and huge, so it made, so it would take some force to trapper, but Sarah headed different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she had administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold onto Kamma and get her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped off. She wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. He'd have five or six times to cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for it here. I was born in Little Rock, Arkansas, Dr. Hospital. I remember when I was two or three years old, I had to take a nap as I did every day, and I'd go to bed with my sister, we've both slept in the same room, and before that I pulled a wagon of to my window. My mother put us to bed, I opened the window, and crawed out onto the wagon, and went flan. I played for two or three hours before my mother finally figured out that was outside. And she ran out to get me, ran and he had in the cotton field. My hair was bleached blonde, and they couldn't find me. I stood out there, and I could see them when they couldn't see me. My mother told me, there's a big snake out in the cotton field, so I could run out of the cotton field, and she caught me. Another incident, I always climbed trees, and that was a little kid. There's like three or four or five years old, and I climbed to Oak Tree, I believe it was, way up to the top. My mother was seven months pregnant with my brother, and she said it was the last time that she was coming to get me, because the day before that she climbed with the tree to get me and she fell out, and hurt herself. And it was probably three o'clock in the afternoon, when she found me up in the tree, and my dad didn't get off to about seven. So she told me I had to stay in the tree the whole time. And I started to fall asleep, and she couldn't climb with the tree, she had to stay out there with me, and she used a fishing pole, and she'd hit the branch of it, and tried to keep me awake. So I went and fall out of the tree, and my dad got home. I never forget that day.