This recording, Arkansas 17, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gil McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the North Street near the Duke Street tower. That area was much newer for her and more to her liking, even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, the itchy goose began to spread around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsenitary miss. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, pet calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Comma was strong and huge so it would take some force to trap her but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm then singing a tune to her. Finally she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time the goose began to tire so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped off her, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much but Miss Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. Well, I'm from a town called Bono, Arkansas and Craighead County and it was originally going to be named Bono Gill because it was going to be named after one of the residents, Mr. Bono and so they sent off an application and I guess they had to send it to the post office or somewhere it was actually a small depot that was turning into a town and they sent a rejection by exact saying that the town was the name was too similar to some other Arkansas names such as Bonoville and I think there was maybe another little community so they decided to make it as short as possible and they decided to call the town Bono be O in O and so that was the name and we were always growing up compared to sunny Bono people with joke about sunny Bono and then when the bay in YouTube came out it was we were you know asked about Bono the superstar and so we go along and when I'm in high school we're kind of the subject of ridicule from some other tales because we are small we're farming community everyone drives trucks and it's kind of a a poor town and I remember we would play different schools and then they would have signs that would say university of Bono or like you know just just picking fun at us because we were sort of a smaller poor town and I remember one day on the bus home from school and driving by the laundry mat and someone had spray painted the words Bono damn it on the side of the laundry mat and after that that kind of became a rallying crop for the town and so whenever we would go to a sporting event football game or anything we would you know you know we're from Bono damn it and even now I still I still when I think of my hometown I can't think of it without thinking you know Bono damn it's worth that affirmation