This recording, Arkansas 6, is copyright the international dialects of English Archive. When the Sunlight strikes, rain drops in the air. They act as a prison in former rainbow. The rainbow is a division of white light into many beautiful colors. These take the shape of a long round arch, with its path high above, and its two ends apparently beyond the horizon. There is a according to legend, a boiling pot of gold at one end. People look, but no one ever finds it. When a man looks for something beyond his reach, his friends say he's looking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. Throughout the centuries, people have explained the rainbow in various ways. Some have accepted it as a miracle without physical explanation. To the Hebrews, it was a token that there would be no more universal floods. The Greeks used to imagine that it was a sign from the gods to fortale war or heavy rain. The Norsemen considered the rainbow as a bridge over which the gods pass from earth to their home in the sky. Others have tried to explain the phenomenon physically. Aristotle thought that the rainbow was caused by reflection of the sun's rays by the rain. Since the physicists have found that it is not reflection, but reflection by the rain drops which causes the rainbows. Many complicated ideas about the rainbow have been formed. The difference in the rainbow depends considerably upon the size of the drops and the width of the colored band increases as the size of the drops increases. The actual primary rainbow observed is said to be the effect of superimposition of a number of bows. In the red of the second bow, if the red of the second bow falls upon the green of the first, the result is to give a bow with an abnormally wide yellow band, since red and green light when mixed form yellow. This is a very common type of bow, one showing mainly red and yellow with little or no green or blue. Let's see, I come from a family of four, and I have a younger sister, she was born in 1978. She was born in April and I'm roughly three and a half years old and she is. But originally when I was born, we didn't live in Alma itself. We lived in a town called Dyer, which is outside of Alma. It's often the country. It was much smaller, but we still went to Alma schools because it was not a very large town. I remember when I was younger, we had two horses. One of them was named Sunny, and I cannot remember what the other one was named. We kept horses, those two horses first, a few years when I was young. I guess we got rid of the horses, probably somewhere around the time my sister was born. We lived a fairly good ways outside of Alma, probably about 10 minutes. My dad, my father, his name is Wes. He was born and raised in the town called Dandel, which was a very, very small. Dandel Arkansas, very, very small community. My mother was raised in a town 10 minutes outside of Dandel called Ivana, which was even smaller. I think the most they had at Ivana, where my grandmother tells me it was about a train station and a little grocery store. I grew up, I guess, about 10 miles away from each other. I believe they got married and probably around 1965. Well, now probably 60, 8 or 69. That's probably more like it. But they were from, you know, not from the city, I'll say that much. My mother was an only child. My grandmother, she immigrated to this country from Ireland when she was probably about 15 around the age somewhere. And her father, my grandfather, was a major league baseball pitcher. And back in the 30s. And he pitched for the St. Louis Browns, the Detroit Tigers, Toronto Blue Jays, and also for a minor league team in Texas.