This recording, Arkansas 7, is copyright the international dialects of English Archive. Comea gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor off, Jill McCuller and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking, even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising, because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so she made her, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Long before that itchy goose began to stroll around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsenitary mess, the goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling, Kama, Kama, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Kama was strong and huge, so it would take some force to travel, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto Kama and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times a cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought that it was a fair price for a cure. I'm 23 years old. I was born in Harrison, Arkansas, and January 3rd of 1978. My parents are both from Harrison. I have two older brothers, both married. I grew up in Harrison and went to school there. I never moved until I came to college after I graduated high school in 96. I've never been out of, I've always had the same bedroom until then, and so it was quite a change to move just an hour and a half west of there. I go to school at the University of Arkansas, a drama major, and a Spanish minor. I'll be graduating in May, and I hope to do theater work. I'd like to be paid to act in some capacity. As about my family, my father is a retired politician. My parents both retired just this past December after serving as the county clerk in the deputy clerk for 24 years. My father also owns a farm where he raises beef cattle. So, trips to the farm were a fun thing when I was younger. That's where we went and got our Christmas trees. I would pick one out, and my dad would cut them down. We would bring them home. My mother would complain that they were too big, because they always look a lot taller in the field than they do. We would get them in the house, and so they would double over on the ceiling. We would have to cut the top out or something. And so she gave us the rule that we could never get in trees taller than my father was. So that's one of my memories from growing up in the farm and getting to the baby cattle out of a bottle. Things like that.