This recording, Arkansas 14, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in the deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job and a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking, even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the bed. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. For long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a night. Common was strong and huge, so it would take some force to travel, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered at ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto comma and give her a relaxing back. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis, almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. So, last weekend, I ponded my family into attending what's called Winfest, which is a festival in Winslow, Arkansas that has a variety of bands from around the area, and I have three little girls and my husband that said yes, they would come along, but it was pretty hippy in nature, and a lot of face, painting, and hula hooping, and it was a chill vibe. And I even have people question me about, oh, should you be taking your kids out there? Is that appropriate? There was nothing inappropriate about it. It was just fun. And so we got to hear several local bands that were acoustic, and we had a blast. My kids ate from food vendors, and they're badly actually did the face painting for them, and I would go back again.