This recording, Arkansas 3, is copied right into national dialects of English archive. I was born in Little Rock, Arkansas, and I lived there until I was two years old, and then I moved north to North Little Rock, just across the river. I was raised in North Little Rock all my life. My parents, one was born in Alma, Arkansas, and the other was born in Little Rock, Arkansas. I am 23 years old, attend the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville. I'm a senior, I'm about to receive my degree in drama, and now I'll read some of the rainbow passage. When the sunlight strikes, rain drops in the air, they act as a prism in former rainbow. The rainbow is a division of white light into many beautiful colors. These take the shape of a long, round arch, with its path high above, and its two ends apparently beyond the horizon. There is, according to legend, a boiling pot of gold at one end. People look, but no one ever finds it. When a man looks for something beyond his reach, his friends say he is looking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. I have one brother who is 19 years old, and is a student at Hendrix University in Conway. I have one sister who is will be 18 in June. She is a senior in high school at North Little Rock, and plans on attending Baylor University, or the University of Arkansas. My mother lives in North Little Rock with my grandmother, and I have a grandmother who lives in Alma. My father, my mother and father divorced my father, and now lives in Austin, Texas, where he is an attorney for a computer corporation. The earliest remembrance is I have of my childhood, where in the house in the heights in Little Rock, before I moved to North Little Rock, I remember playing in the front yard. I just remember running around in the front yard. That is all I remember. In my next memories, or my house that I mainly grew up in in North Little Rock, I remember how in the back yard was all woods. When I moved there and now how as far as the highest could see in my backyard, it is houses and car dealerships and interstate and so forth. I remember Christmas as a kid, probably differently from other children, because my Christmas presents were never wrapped. They were just put into the tree. That was fine with me. It saved me the time of having done a wrap in my presence, but I always wondered why Santa Claus wrapped other kids' presents and didn't wrap mine. I thought that was kind of funny. Christmas Eve was always a hardest time for me to go to sleep, because I was anxious about what I would be getting in the morning and I'd probably wake up around 4am and go downstairs and see what I'd gotten. I remember having a dream when Christmas Eve that I woke up too early and had Santa Claus in the act. He was very upset with me for some reason. I remember that turning into a nightmare. I remember trying to sleep longer past and years past after that dream. I remember going into Mom and Dad's bedroom and waking them up at the crack of dawn and they usually didn't want to get up. Those were mainly good memories about the family being together and how everyone had that morning together and it was really happy because everyone was getting presents. That was a good memory.