This recording, Arkansas 35, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gil McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Comma gets a cure. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily and an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bottle of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for name, comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her, finally she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. At no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much. That Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. My mother owned an insurance business and was right off of the square at my hometown, and my father was the postmaster and his business was right across from hers. My aunt was at the drugstore on the other corner. My other aunt was across the square in a law office, and my other aunt was at the drugstore. So, my pretty much my entire family was around the square in the little town that I grew up. When I grew up, I could walk to town, ride my back to town, dog would follow, we could go in any of these places, and talk to these people and pass the time, especially on Saturdays. That was a good time to do that. You could leave and not have to lock your house, you could go wherever you wanted to, everybody knew everyone else. That was a great time, and I look back sometimes with nostalgia at growing up in one of those small Arkansas towns back in the 60s.