This recording, Arkansas 37, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gil McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Comma gets a cure. Well, here's the story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so, on our first morning, she felt stress. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising, because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a night. comma was strong and huge, so it takes some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back from her palm then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she swiped her off, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. I'd like to tell you a little bit about growing up in northwest Arkansas as a black young girl. I tell you, Ben, it was different. I don't think I had another person of color in my classroom until I was in the fourth grade. I distinctly remember individuals asking me about my hair and wanting to touch it because I was different. I remember my mother, it always told me, don't you allow them to, don't you allow those kids to play in your hair at school? Even though today, I can go to work and see another person of color. I don't think that much has changed in regards to the diversity. We have definitely made strides in regards to their are more than just me, but I definitely believe that we have a ways to go and an increasing diversity in our classrooms, in our workplaces. I know that in northwest Arkansas as a child, it has been different and even still today as an adult. A lot of times I see Confederate flags and it kind of just gives me, if he be jeepies as a word, that's what it's given me and to feel uncomfortable. But I'd say even though that Northwest Arkansas lacks a lot of diversity that I would like to see, I have felt overall safe in northwest Arkansas and especially a lot of times being the only person of color in a classroom or working with my teachers or my professors. And I think maybe that sometimes I feel that I've been lucky, but it's definitely in my charge now to help try to make a positive difference in my life and in the work that I do and with others that I come in contact with. So thank you.