This recording, Arkansas 2, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. When the semblance strikes, rain drops in the air, they act as a prism and former rainbow. The rainbow is a division of white light into many beautiful colors. These take the shape of a long round arch, with its path high above and its two ends apparently beyond the horizon. There is, according to legend, a boiling pot of gold at the end. People look, but no one ever finds it. When a man looks for something beyond his reach, his friends say he is looking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. My mom was born in Air Long and Germany, and she moved here when she was three. And she was raised in Fort Smith, Arkansas. My dad was born in Fort Smith, Arkansas, and lived there his whole life. She said when he moved to a little room, putting me back. I have one brother, and one of my favorite memories as a child was my brother and my cats. We lived in these apartment complexes. And we weren't allowed to have cats, but I had my cat anyways. And we used to take her outside, and we just walk around and let her play. And then we picked her up and we put her back in the house, so nobody would know. And one day, space got out and was sitting there walking down the sidewalk. And my brother was outside playing, and I was riding my bike. And the landlord or the owner of the apartment complex walked up and goes, Well that's a pretty cat, and my brother, I mean the landlord goes, Was that your cat, and Kevin goes, now that's my sister's. And so he basically just told that we had a cat, and so the landlord called my mom and said, Well, you know, we found out you had a cat, and everything like that, So you need to get rid of her, and what we didn't. We moved, so we can keep her, because we had had her before we moved into the apartments. But that's when my favorite memories were with my brother, because we had several. And that was just one of them. Another memory I have is it's about my grandma. I love going to my grandma's house. I've been going, I go all the time now, but when I was younger, I used to go a few times a year. And I'd say about a week, but myself and my brother would trade off weeks, because we were never allowed to be there at the same time, because we would fat. And so when I'd always come up, my grandma would always like bath food that I like to eat, and she'd always leave it in there, and she'd cook these huge meals for me, and she'd bake all these cakes, and I just remember being so happy while I was there in our house. I was always a macula. You couldn't put a speck of dust anywhere in her house, even if you tried. I wish people would try. You know, just to see kids, I don't think they really would. And well, when they made my grandma, we're sitting in the kitchen, and she's got a garden, and fountain out time in her backyard, and trees, and it's really pretty backyard. She's got like, geraniums, and roses, every color rose in her backyard. And they have these two trees. And one of the trees has this corn stalk on some of my grandpa made to feed the birds in the squirrels, and then the other one's got birds, this is a bird feeder, and so the birds in the squirrels always come down and eat the food. Well, one day I was sitting in the kitchen, and my grandma said she had to go outside, and the backyard for something, but in the kitchen, the whole wall is a window. So you can see directly into the backyard, and there's these two trees, like right in front of the walkway, or right behind the walkway. If you're sitting where I was sitting, my grandma, the squirrel was eating some bird seed, or something, there was some birds run, and my grandma walked by the squirrel, grabbed the squirrel by the tail, and ran her hand all the way down the squirrel's tail, and it didn't even flinch. And I thought that was the most magical thing I've ever seen in my entire life.