This recording, Arkansas 40, is copyrighted the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas Enanraf, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and weren't her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed forward. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet, the letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising, because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary miss. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong and huge, so what would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing the tune to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off of the clock and laid her on her right side. The insert confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times the clock caused the penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price to pay for a cure. So about about two years ago, in 2019, I got the chance to, through my university, I got the chance to go to the library company in Philadelphia. It was actually a fellowship for young students who studied African American studies, and it was a really cool opportunity because it was like students from all over the country. And at first, I didn't even think I was going to get in because I thought that we're going to see a university center of Arkansas. I was like, where is that it? And then I studied theater also. I thought that was going to put me not as big in the running because the other students were more academic than I was. But I got accepted and it was really cool. The library company in Philadelphia is like they called themselves. They are the oldest cultural institution in the United States. And it was really cool to go and to see Philadelphia. That was only my second time ever flying. And I was on first time flying by myself. So like landing in Philadelphia, by myself, it was interesting. And at first it was a little bit worrying just like how big the city was. And I was scared and I'm going to be able to get anywhere. I'm going to be able to get to the place to do my fellowship. But it ended up being really a really nice experience. I ended up loving the city and all the diverse people and all the other entire fellows there. It was with a million scholars fellowship. That's where it was. And all the other fellows, when it was interesting to get to know them and hear their research and think of what they thought about mine, researching historical black theater and it was our really cool. And I've made a couple of friends out of it like getting to know them and their research and kind of kept in contact afterwards. And it was a really nice experience.