This recording, Maryland 1, he is copyrighted the International Directive English Archive. The rainbow passage. When the sunlight strikes raindrops in the air, they act as a prism in form of rainbow. The rainbow is a division of white light into many beautiful colors. These take the shape of a long round arch with the path high above, and it's two ends apparently beyond the horizon. There is, according to legend, a boiling pot of gold at one end. People look, but no one ever finds it. When a man looks for something beyond his reach, his friends say he is looking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. I would like to eat for dinner. My favorite dish is probably meatloaf, I think. Mine is when Ryan cooks spaghetti probably. Yeah, that is good too. But meat, you like the meat. You like good old beef. Crab cakes are good too, like crabs. What else? A lot of chicken on the eastern shore. All kinds of chicken. Like the other chicken. Let's see. And what else? Oh, you know, the waterfowl festival that they have every November. They have a waterfowl festival where it's all about hunting ducks and geese and things like that. And I always have, you know, ducks or geese to eat ducks or geese. I always have oyster shells, but they get out of the water. I don't know what else. You know, we live across from a farm over there on the eastern shore in the town of Easton. It was about 10,000 people there. And what else? A little chapel room. Along with the rest of our family. Yeah. I have a lot of cousins. On the same section of the room. The family tree work in a way that pop-up was our father's father, pop-up. And my mom, they had the farm there. And as the children grew up and they worked on the farm there entire lives growing up, they would give them the property that they wish to build the houses on in the surrounding area. And so many of our first cousins are on the same road, actually. And the same property that they've always lived on. Yeah, a whole lot. I've pretty much lived in one. And he's lived in the house for his entire life. And I've lived in there as long as I can remember. And what else? Yeah. Pretty strong family relations there. We have a lot of cousins. A lot of trouble to get into, I guess, backers. What kind of trouble? Oh, I don't know. I don't know if I can describe that might be incriminating. But, you know, you ever been cow-tipping? Cow-tipping all the time. I've never really been cow-tipping, but I hear a towel over the lot now. I don't know. I can't think of any other big local events besides, you know, there's always waterfowl festival. Everybody goes through our town on the way to the beach. Breeze through there to Ocean City, Maryland. We're kind of a pit stop on the way there, but the town itself is kind of old. When the sunlight strikes raindrops in the air, they act as a prism in form a rainbow. The rainbow is a division of white light into many beautiful colors. These take the shape of a long-round arch with its path high above and its two ends, apparently, beyond the horizon. There is, according to legend, a boiling pot of gold at one end. People look, but no one ever finds it. When a man looks for something beyond his reach, his friend says looking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.