This recording, Alabama 5, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comea gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor off Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah was a nurse who had been working in the newest area of the territory. She was very happy to start a new job. This time in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. On her first morning, she washed her face, put on a plain white dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed out for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah a letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot-and-mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this might her feel sorry for the goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling Kamala Kamala, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for her name. Kamala was strong and huge, so it took some force to trap her, but Sarah managed to gently stroke the goose's lower back with her palm and sing to her. Her efforts were not very soon, Kamala began to tire and Sarah gave her a relaxing bath, washing her and laid her on a cloth for diagnosis. Almost immediately Sarah remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. The treatment was very expensive, but Miss Harrison, a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. It's north of Mobile. My grandfather and my parents they've lived their other lives. I've helped raise cows on the farm and we're all big football fans. My grandfather, he also, he raised cotton and he raised soybeans and my mother, she has she has lived their whole life. She graduated from the same high school, I graduated from a high school, a farm at the high school with a class of 73. We're right there on the floor to Alabama online. It's the town formed and comes from the beginning of Florida, FLO, the end of Alabama, M.A. and then town T.O. In. I mentioned I helped raise cows, we would, we would hurt them up, we would take them to the butcher and we'd have them butchered and we would pretty much our own stakes and our handburgers would come from the cows that we had raised. Again, we were, we did a lot of farming. My father was raised near where I was raised at, it's a little community called Deer Range, Alabama. He went to a high school called Retton and he had lived there until he met my mother and they married and moved back to where my grandparents lived and we've lived ever since. We live probably about 50 yards from each other. We live on a dirt road and if anything ever happens, we can go back and forth and pretty much walk and talk to each other if we need to. We do do a lot of hunting. We deer hunt as a big thing where I'm from. A lot of people take it real serious. We, we turkey hunt. We hurt for, hurt for dove. We hunt squirrel and we, I like the hunt. I, I, I deer hunt. I turkey hunt. I don't do too much squirrel or dove hunt but I do like the deer hunt and we, we do, we do what we kill so and we, we, we, we, we, we, we, our, our hands of our deer that we kill and we keep our turkey's beards and things like that.