This recording, Alabama 6, is copyright the international dialects of India. Come and get secure, is copyright Douglas and honor off, Gil Mackella and Bob are some of them. Well here's a story for you. Sarah wasn't there so I've been working in the newest area of the territory. She was very happy to start a new job. This time in the North Square, know the Duke Street Tower. On her first morning, she watched her face to put on a plain white dress and a police jacket. Big Tupper kid inherited her work. Once she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah a letter from the vet. And the letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot in the mouth disease. What was surprising, because normally you would only expect to see it in a goat. Sarah was sentimental so this made her feel sorry for the bird. The goose begins to strut around the office like a lunatic. This made an unsenitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept going, comma comma, which Sarah thought was an old choice for a name. Come on with a strong and huge. So it took some force to trap her. But Sarah managed by gently striking the goose's lure back with her palm and singing to her. Her efforts were not futile. Very soon, comma began to tire and Sarah gave her her relaxing bath, washer, and later on a cloth for diagnosis. I'm most immediately Sarah remembered and affected treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. The treatment was very expensive, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, my parents, my parents were raised. My mother was raised on a farm all her life. Her parents were both farmers that had anywhere from skunks, chickens, goose, geese, cows, any kind of animal you could ever think of pretty much. It's a real small town, probably less than 1,000 people. I live about 10 miles from the beach. The beach of Gulf shores of Gotham, Mexico, real sandy beaches. We have obviously lots of tourists come down there and enjoy our beaches. My parents spent in high school. They've intent to grade. They've always been to grade. They went to college together. Pretty much, you know, always love each other. Growing up, I always liked to hunt and fish for my dad. We always went fishing out in the Gulf, and I never get to see him. Growing up in high school, middle school and elementary school, graduated in high school about 280.