This recording, Alabama II, is copyrighted the international dialect of English archive. When the sunlight strikes rain drops in the air, the act is a prism in former rainbow. The rainbow is the division of white light into many beautiful colors. They take the shape of a long round arch with this path high above, and it's too ends apparently beyond their horizon. There is, according to legend, a boiling pot of gold at one end. People look, but no one ever finds it. When a man looks for something beyond his reach, his friends say he is looking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. I lived in Birmingham all of my life. My mother was originally from Michigan, but she spent most of her life down here in Alabama, and my father is always lived here. I went to Huit Trustful, which is a really potent kind of school, but it was a lot of fun. It taught me a lot of characterization, which is very useful in theater. A sophomore musical theater major here at Birmingham Southern, and I plan when I get out of school to maybe venture a little bit, maybe international, maybe Georgia, but not New York yet. It's a little scary, it's a little too big and busy for me. The characters from my school would wear cowboy boots to school, and the big cowboy hats, and they'd talk about hunting all the time, and then what they did, and how many durs they caught, and over there, I'd have to say, I like them, but I don't really like to shoot them. My grandmother, my great grandmother, was my favorite part about growing up as a child, because she would always cook this incredible girl, you're getting skinnier every year, you just lack a little bird, and she would fuss at me so much, but it was one of my favorite memories. Oh, she's so loved to make black eyed peas, and green beans, the first year I came home from college, and I had all the vocal training, he looked at me, and I had said something to him, and he looked at me, he's like, you done lost your accent, but I kind of appreciate it, I think it adds more voice to my, and more character to my voice, and I kind of see her shit.