This recording, Alabama 4, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Come and get secure, is copyright Douglas N. Honroff, Jill Mackella and Barbara Somerville. Sarah was a nurse who had been working in the newest area of the territory. She was very happy to start another new job. This time in North Square, near the Duke's big tower. On her first morning, she watched her face, put on a plain white dress and a police jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, that was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah a letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease. Which was surprising because normally you would expect to see it in a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the bird. The goose began to spread around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison kept calling. Come on, come on. Which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Come on was strong and huge. So we took some force to trap her. By Sarah managed by gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm and singing to her. Her efforts were not brutal. Very soon, come up again to Tyre and Sarah gave her a relaxing bed. Why is her in later on a cloth for diagnosis? Almost immediately, Sarah remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. The treatment was very expensive. But Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. My dad preached to us about the importance of school. In plenty days I didn't want to go because I didn't have school. The minute you got home, you changed that set of clothes and your shoes and you went to work. After all that work and getting the kids fed, you do your dishes and you had two lamps. All of his English and helped him and he would help us with the math. He wanted to fix the math. It was just on paper and you take the school and turn it in. When you asked questions, why this is here to that power, especially in algebra? He called you dumb and then that would start a big fight and then the mother would pick up the game of marbles from outside which he would go to go and play. But for a class ring, you know, but we did it. So everybody got eager to leave because things were, this was before integration. And the older you got, the more you were picked on going through town and passing through the fight neighborhood. So we had to change our route going back and forth to school.