This recording, Delaware 1, is copyright the international dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas N. Anrov, Gil McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo and deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and marked to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stress. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and watered face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from Nevada. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this major fuel cellar for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, Kamakama, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Kamama was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to Kamma and give her a relaxing bed. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off of the cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times across a penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. Christmas just passed, I spent it mostly alone, and my birthday is coming up soon. It's on January 5th, I plan on going ice skating with friends from work, and just my regular friends, and it's the first time I'm having a birthday celebration that I'm not getting just drunk as an adult. I haven't been ice skating since around middle school. It was something that we did every weekend when I was going to school, and I just figured, now that I'm getting older, it would be fun to maybe do that again. I enjoy my life while I can. I'm still fairly young. I'm submitting my voice here, because I didn't see any under the Delaware section, and I live in Delaware my entire life. Until actually a month ago, where I moved to Pennsylvania, but I've been in Delaware about 34 years, and this is what my voice sounds like. I've just lived a normal life, nothing too crazy.