This recording, Arizona 5, is copyright the International Dialect of English Archive. Come and get to cure. Is copyright Douglas and Onroff, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's the story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and map disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsenitary mess. That goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling, Koma Koma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for her name. Koma was a strong and huge, so it would take some forces to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm and singing attuned to her. Finally, she administered her. Her efforts were not futile, in no time. The goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto Koma and give her a relaxing bath. Sarah had managed to base the goose. She wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vets' diagnosis, almost immediately. She remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine pain so much, but Mrs. Harrison and Millenir lawyer thought it was a fair price for her cure. Well, I lived in Mexico until seven years old, and when I turned seven, I remember my father saying, okay, we're going to move to the U.S. because I want my kids to learn English. We moved to Yomira, Zona, and I went to a elementary that I still remember the name. Peacum growth. I was very scared because I didn't know any English, but actually it wasn't that bad because all my professors were Hispanic, kids were Hispanic too, and so I didn't have to speak English, but until fourth grade, because in fourth grade was the first time I ever got an American professor, and her name was Mrs. Taylor, and that's when I had to start speaking English. I remember I used to sit all the way in the back of class because I was so embarrassed because I didn't want to like, hurt a pick on me to read. I never forget a moment where she was teaching as English, and she wrote on the board chocolate, and I was so confused because I was like, it says Chocolate, and it's spelled the same way as in English, and it was bugging me that it was just pronounced different. And then after Mrs. Taylor, once again, I started having Hispanic professors, and then all through all middle school as well, actually, Yomira Zona has a large population of Hispanic, and when I went to high school and civil high school, again, I had more American professors, and that's when I officially began to speak English in my freshman year of high school. So it's been pretty interesting, I don't hear my accent, but everybody else does. And now here at ASU, once I started, I began theater, that's when it just really like, I noticed how much of an impact my accent can actually have, because just in addition, and doing monologues, I've heard both, I've heard pros and cons of me having an accent for different roles. There's roles that I cannot do just because of my accent, or I can do, but I just need to work on it. I'm going to play right now for Bugon. I'm not sure if maybe my accent is what influenced my director to choose me, but I'm pretty, I'm really excited to be in Bugon, who's bilingual, and my family going to come watch it, and my family don't speak any English, so they're pretty excited, because they'll be able to understand some of it. I dream in Spanish. I, it's funny because I actually just had a dream yesterday, and it was, I just, it was in Spanish. All my dreams that I've had, I don't remember any of them being in English. That's a, interesting question. Okay, well, the day of the Pavo, all of us together with my ability, it's hard for me to eat with them, because I'm vegetarian, not eating with me as an animal, so it gives me sadness for my ability, because it always makes me very good with food, but I can never eat because everything has meat, and sometimes if you put sadness, because you say, I don't want to eat with my food, I say, I don't want to, I don't want to eat with my food, but I don't eat with meat, but this life is still there, and it doesn't have to be the life.