And this recording, Arizona 4, is copyright the international dialects of India's Yarkai. Comea gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor off, Gilma Kala and Barbara Summerville. Well, he's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking, even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in her hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. And once she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal club could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see in any dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, the itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsended, tearing mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, coma coma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for an aim. coma was strong and huge and it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried dental stroke, gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered it, at their either. Her efforts were not futile, in no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to coma and give her a relaxing bat. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's deck in losses. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times a cost of kind of selling. I can't imagine paying so much, but Miss Harrison, a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. I am from Black Mesa, Arizona. It's on the Nav Her Reservation. I grew up with my grandma, but I was raised by her. I went to boarding school for a dental eighth grade and then actually went to boarding school until like, so my sophomore year of high school and then to public school. I have a little brother, an older brother and an older sister who are all so raised by my grandma. My mom had to work, so that's why she raised us. On the Reservation, I learned to her sheep, grow plants, health water, chaplains, and do like, wrote my chores where chapping was bringing in wood, getting coal, and building a fire and taking out the ash. And I'd be like that during the winter, it was so really hard and everyone helped out. And well, in the winter, my brothers would do it since they're here and I would be inside and a grandma would try to teach me to make bread, but I never want to learn to make bread, because it's, I think it's hard and I don't want to. So my brother's had to learn to make bread. My sister didn't learn to make bread. It's how she got a boyfriend. And I still don't know how to make bread. I need to know how to book her sheep. My grandma is 86 years old now and she still walks. She tries to, she tries to walk like she's not her, because she broke her arm and her, she has like screws to her legs, but then she still tries to walk straight. But only when I'm around, I know she's like just like relaxes in her walks. And my little brother goes to this school, I go to now, he goes to Shantou. Oh no, he doesn't know. He goes to Hanta, high school, Monmouth Valley High School, that's the name of it. Yad, she's a awesome dancing unit here. He goes to Shantou. She must have an energy opportunity, really. She's my favorite dancer but I didn't want to participate in the math work. So I just understood that she's my singer and dance counselor. I had really, really and my songs are really different from work. It's the first time I was students.