This recording, Arizona 3, is copyrighted the international dialects of English archive. When the sunlight strikes, rain drops in the air, they act as a prism and form a rainbow. The rainbow is a division of white light into many beautiful colors. These take the shape of a long round arc, with its path high above, and its two ends, apparently beyond the horizon. There is, according to legend, a boiling pot of gold at one end. People look, but no one ever finds it. When a man looks for something beyond his reach, his friends say that he's looking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. Throughout the centuries, people have explained the rainbow in various ways. Some have accepted it as a miracle, without physical explanation. To the Hebrews, it was a token that there would be no more universal floods. The Greeks used to imagine that it was assigned from the gods to Fortelwar or heavy rain. The Norsemen considered the rainbow as a bridge over which the gods passed from the earth to their home in the sky. Others have tried to explain the phenomenon physically. Aristotle thought that the rainbow was caused by a reflection of the sun's rays by the rain. Since then, physicists have found that it is not reflection, but refraction by the rain drops, which causes the rainbows. Many complicated ideas about the rainbow have been formed. The difference in the rainbow depends considerably upon the size of the drops, and the width of the colored band increases. As the size of the drops increases, the actual primary rainbow observed is said to be the effect of superimposition of the type of bow, one showing mainly red and yellow with little or no green or blue. Let me tell you something that happened this morning, but I thought kind of funny. I have a little dog and I just love that little dog, but he belongs to my sister. My sister is letting me take care of him. She lives in a condo where she's allowed pets but only two. I think that's why I'm not going to say she has three dogs and someone think of her. So, she asked me if I could take him for a little while and I said, sure, but I've had him now for over a year. And I just love that little dog. He's a mixed Jack Russell terrier with the beagle. His name is Shadow. And we get along just great. But I thought it was really funny this morning when I left. And I usually talked to him before I leave. And he said, look to me like he said, but I have a sweater. And I laugh and I laugh and he wagged his tail. So we're both laughing about that. And of course, our other relatives are as well. So we go to the globe and the Miami Cemetery once a month. So we're going to have a rich wall if you want to call it that. That my sister Monica and I do once every four weeks. I've been my sister Monica and I are two money towns that are separated by six miles. So most people call that area globe. But we grew up with that kind of money town background.