Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising, because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for her name. comma was strong and huge, so it takes a force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then sending a tomb turn. Finally, she administered either. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Miss Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. So, first off, I will say I don't cook, so I'm spoiled how we would make for me. That being said, my very basic and very American girl, American girl stereotype of a favorite meal is roast beef or not was beef pot roast, which is roast beef, but yes, my mom cooks it in a crock pot with some potatoes, some carrots, some celery, some onions and just let's it sit all day long in the crock pot and then we eat it with either just the vegetables inside already or we put some rice out and serve it up on a plate. Nowadays, my fiance makes it for me instead. Same deal, though, crock pot veggies, but he likes to jazz it up for once a while, put it in a little wine, put a little sauce, if he's feeling saucy. So, that is even exciting. The other is I love to sing and I love going to karaoke. It was our family's past time growing up like when we had a weekend all together, we would go find some karaoke. So, that's still what I enjoyed. I have nothing, Whitney Houston. I am a ham, I give full throttle. So, I did that one or alone, by heart, either way, those are my go-tos. I am definitely just, you know, a regular karaoke singer, not professional by any means, but I do have a good time. A little bit of swaying and time with the music, a little bit of hand gestures, some meaningful looks, volume, for sure, especially depending on the mic situation and how many people are involved, but yeah.