This recording, Arizona 6, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas Enner of Gilmour-Cuella and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at Nold Zoo and a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress in a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to stutter on the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling Kamma Kamma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for her name. Kamma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing attuned to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comment and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she had remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, pretty much, well, yeah, my whole life and so coming here for school. In the same vein of preschool stories, my mom had just brought this up to me. I, in preschool, every time I would go to the bathroom, I would leave my underwear in the garbage. I just thought, well, these are done. Like, I've gotten all the use I need out of these, and I would leave them in the trash, and I kept coming home with no underwear, and my mom was like, why is she going home without his underwear? So I think she mentioned it to my teacher who then mentioned it to the janitor, and he said, oh my god, that's the culprit. Like, it is just outlandish.