This recording, Nebraska 3, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comic gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gilmour Kuller and Barbara Somerville. Comic gets a cure. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse that had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in New Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and watched her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of flitten mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental. So this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, the itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsenitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong and huge so it would take some force to trapper, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm. Then singing a tune to her. Finally she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold onto comma, comma, and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped off, wiped her off with a cloth, and later most immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times the cost to pen a ceiling. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. So I grew up in Nebraska and in a little town of about 25 in a class and then I attended the University of Nebraska after that I came to California and worked. Some of the interesting language you use is there are not making a difference between eyes and ears in words. Like for example in the word kettle we would ordinarily pronounce that as a kettle. And with verb helper verbs they were usually turned around. You'd say I went to town, I'm sorry, I gone to town and I had went to the store and that was hardly ever, I never made a mistake doing that. Other words that would get pronounced differently would be like the state of Washington, you know, would say Washington, Washington, or and that you'd wash clothes rather than wash clothes. So growing up, I had to, you know, in Nebraska, like probably other states, you know, you had to learn to correct your English. So it sounded to you didn't sound like, you know some hit-fire. The end.