This recording, California 12, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gil McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo and a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because an normally you would expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to straddle around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling Kama, Kama, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Kama was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally she had demonstrated other. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to Kama and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed that that stagnosis, amidst immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Miss Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. I'm from Orange County, California. I've lived here my entire life, my parents were raised in California. My mom was born here, my dad was born in Chicago, but his family moved here for the weather. I've always been aware that I have like a california accent, I guess, because whenever I travel around the U.S., people can tell by the way I talk that I'm from California. I've also had teachers who've like commented on the way I speak. I had a vocal teacher who he get frustrated with me every time I talk to him and because of the way I spoke was not natural for my voice. So he'd make me talk up here. I also had a French teacher who once told me that she had a dream about me where I was speaking French, but it was expression expressive and not monotone because I usually talk so monotone. I thought that was kind of funny.