Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this meter feels sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling comma comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Comma was strong in huge, so it would take some force to track her. But Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she had a ministered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto comma and give her a relaxing bath. When Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off of the cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. I was born in a place that is called the Valley. It's located in southern California, a little bit north of Los Angeles. It's a very residential area. It has a university, it has a few community colleges, and overall I think it's a really special place. It's incredibly diverse with people from different countries, different religions, different cultural backgrounds, and it's something I've always really appreciated about home. I did grow up in a neighborhood that was primarily Spanish speaking with immigrants from Guatemala, Salvador, Mexico, like my own parents, and I think that that made for a really unique or better special experience. I was able to connect with other kids about where our parents were from, where they might have been from, and we got to bond over things like music, and food, and travel. I have a specific memory of explaining to a friend that every summer we drove down to Mexico, because my family's from a border town, and it took six or seven hours, and she, she couldn't believe it. Her family must have been from from southern Mexico because she explained that it takes a whole day just to fly, how could we possibly drive? And I think that was the beginning of when I really started thinking of like, oh, yeah, Mexico is a different place, it's not just when my parents came from, it's another country, it's far, it's big, it's diverse in itself, and yeah. No matter how much I think, I think, I think, well, a level that is very useful, and that it makes me able to express myself in a correct way, but I learned in the first year, I was five or six years ago, and after I got to a very acceptable flight, I started to use my whole life in the second area, and especially in the Institute that I almost never talked about in Spanish, since I started to live here in Spain, so I've improved a lot, I have a lot more opportunities to use it, and I think that it has adopted and it has learned a lot, I'm close, or I'm talking about the country that I'm here in Madrid, and that's another reason that I have a, I have a Spanish very, very American, but with the vocabulary of Latin America, in Central America, and with a very bad way to express myself, I also have a very bad journey, and sometimes I say that, as it is a little bit of the language of Franklin Stein, that is, well, as an American, but also in the center of where I learned a lot of languages.