This recording, California 11, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian, or she had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally, he would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long that each goose began to stretch around the office like a lunatic, which made an incendiary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to chop her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking a goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally she administered, other. Her efforts were not futile. In time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to be the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the bad diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can imagine pain so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire, lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. I've lived in Hollywood for the full 23 years of my life and I can't imagine living anywhere else other than this city. My fear would be to grow old. I wouldn't want that. And making the wrong decision of the man on my area in my future, that would be the worst.