This recording, California 20, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo and it deserted just to the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job. At a sober private practice in North Square near Duke Street Tower, that area was much nearer for her and more to her liking, even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and watched her face in a hurry. Then she put a plain yellow dress, a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally she would only expect to see that in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to start around the office like a lunatic, which made the an unnecessary mess. The goose owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma, comma, which Sarah thought was odd choice for a name. comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. Freshly tried Jenny stroking the goose's lower back with her palm. Then singing a tune to her, finally she and ministered her. Either her efforts were not futile and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and date her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed that its diagnosis, almost immediately, she remembered and affected treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine pain so much, but Miss Harrison and millionaire lawyer thought it was fair price for a cure. I grew up in South LA. There was a lot of artists that rap artists that grew up from that area. Let's see the section that I grew up in is brought way in 42nd. It was pretty dangerous neighborhood. There was a lot of gang members that I used to go to school with. Some were friends, some were not. It was just a difficult place to live in. Each had to know where to walk through, where streets not to walk through. I went to West Vernon Avenue. That was my elementary. My junior high was John Adams. My high school was Thomas Jefferson High School. I graduated in 1997 and I moved on to get married, moved to East LA, and eventually moved to North Hollywood, where I live now.