With this recording, California 10 is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so on our first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress in a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot in mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. For long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harris, and kept calling comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for her name. For a name, comma was strong and huge, so it takes some force to trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm and singing a tuned door. Finally, she administered Ether. Her efforts were not futile and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on the right on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed that that's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. She warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much. But Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. Yeah, two, three. I had a cat. Then we got rid of the cat and then we got a dog and then we got another dog. One time our dog, he was really old and he didn't really like our neighbor and our neighbor didn't like him. And like a week before he died, he went pooped on their porch. Well, one of them was like really old and now there was really young. The young one always wanted to play, but the old one was just old. So, but they got along. I broke my arm snowboarding, but it was like a quarter into like the mountain. So I had to ride like three quarters of the broken arm that I fell a couple more times. Yeah, and I just walked it and then I went to the lodge laid down and someone came up and asked if I was okay and then I got went to the hospital. We used to pretend our house was a boat and then like the yard was the ocean. So we had a deck and like our back. So we thought I was like the deck of the ship and we were battling other ships. It was pretty cool. We played a lot of game. Not me and my youngest brother is 11 years younger so we don't I don't know which played basketball. I've won the three years younger than one that's 11 years younger. He likes to climb trees. He is very hyper. Very into rock climbing now and all the parkour and the ninja warrior TV show. He's obsessed with that show. I think he's going to try to be on it. I always got blamed for not doing the dishes when it was my brother's turn to do the dishes. So we always got an argument about that. I had a dream I was in Jurassic Park and I've had it like five times and then I'll see like the velociraptors and then we'll go in the house and the T-rex is coming and then I wake up. I know what I'm in the dream too and then I just wake up. It's weird. I only have one. He's pretty good. He was about at nine now so it's kind of weird. They met at a restaurant. My dad was the head chef and she was a buster or she was a guy. She was a buster and then I know she went to Hawaii and then he moved to Hawaii after like a year later. He didn't say why. She thinks she followed him but I know my littlest brother that was three years younger than me hated the cat so I think that's what we got rid of it and gave it to my grandpa. So we still saw him but didn't live with us.