This recording, California 18, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the street tower. That was much near or for her and more to her liking, even so. On her first morning, she got, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself into, in the mirror, and washed her face in hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from her that the letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of food and mouth disease, food and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or cat or goat. Sarah was sentimental. So this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma, comma, which Sarah thought was a, not a choice for a name. comma was strong and huge. So it would take some force to a trapper, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried to gently, stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a line to her, singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In time the goose began to retire. So Sarah was able to hold onto comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to obey the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed that that's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to, um, to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that the course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I cannot imagine, I can't imagine paying so much, but Miss Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. Yeah, where I grew up, we had no goose's, but anyway, my first memories are in Long Beach. And my sister was there in my mom and dad, and uh, had a nice yard and everything. And uh, I remember I walked to a, to a, was it kindergarten or first grade or something? And one day I didn't come straight home. I had gone to my girlfriend's house, but I was supposed to come straight home. So when I got home, uh, my sister was a new should have come straight home. So my dad asked me about it. And I said, no, no, I came straight home. And, uh, and then my dad said, okay, Stella says, you didn't come straight home. You said you came straight home. So we're going to have a court. We're going to swear to tell the truth. We're going to have a court. So okay, so Stella said, don't she did not come straight home. I just knew it was, you know, whatever time when she made it home. And uh, and I said, no, I came straight home. I mean, walks slowly, but I came straight home. So my dad couldn't really come to a decision. And that was my life, I'm right in my poor sister. But what we did get together and make some perfume out of our deemies. And it smelled awful. Don't make perfume out of our deemies.