This recording, California 6, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Common gets a cure. It is copyright Douglas and honor off Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and watched her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mount disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sensitive. So this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to stretch around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling, come on, come on, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Gone was strong and huge so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back. With her palm, then singing a tune for her. Finally, she, her efforts were not fluent. In no time the goose began to tire. Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bat. Once Sarah had managed to bat the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered and affected treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times across a penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much. But Miss Harrison, a millionaire, lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. Well, I was born in 1958 in Washington. At three years old, I moved to the Bay Area. Worked in refineries at 18, I moved to Clear Lake and worked in the oil fields. At 50 years old, I moved back to the Bay Area where I once lived and started talking about a complete circle. I now work in refineries again and life is good. Period.