This recording, California 5, is copyright the international dialects of English Archive. Comic gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor off, Jill McCuella and Barbara some of them. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was like a veterinary nurse who was working daily in old zoo and deserted district of the territory. So, she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near Duke Street Tower. That area, much near for her and more tour likened. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bull porridge, checked herself in the near and washed her face in a hurry. She put on a plain yellow dress and a flea's jacket. Pick up her kit and head in for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gives Sarah an official letter from the bed. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only see that in a god or goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that it should go beyond to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made it unsanitary in the mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling Kamakana, which Sarah thought was like an odd choice for a name. Kamakana was strong and he would take some force and trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm and then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered. Either. However, it's not futile. No time, the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold on to Karna and giving her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah managed to bathe the goose, she wiped off with a cloth and later on a right side. Then Sarah confirmed that that's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required to measure a lot of medicine. Sarah warned her that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times a cost and parent of selling. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. I was born in Santa Monica, California. When I was a kid, my parents, both of which are four generations in in Los Angeles. My mom is actually a little bit older in a generation. She's part of American Indian from Los Angeles, Basin. When I was a kid, moved to a canoative park. And then I went to high school in Chatsworth, which is a West Valley. But I always retained my passion for the beats. Santa Monica, Dennis. My cousins were always surfers. My family had always been involved in surfing, skateboarding. My cousins actually started with a monk's other people, a dog town. In Venice, California, I used to work at Venice of Windward, where I sold clothes for my uncle. And weird things were even happening then. My grandma had, like, the first female owned nursery in, I think a lot of towns were pretty sure. And my grandfather owned a piece of the mountain where there's radio towers on. So it basically pretty rooted in Los Angeles. Lots of change. I just kind of wish it was a small town, because a lot of people come and go here. A lot of people would start thinking and catch and then they kind of end up here. We kind of nice to have more of an idea of a hometown for Los Angeles. And that's my idea, the most my friends have moved away.