This recording, California 1, is copyright the International Dialect of English Archive. When the sunlight strikes rain drops in the air, they act like a prison in former rainbow. The rainbow is a division of right light into many beautiful colors. These take the shape of a long round arch with its path high above and it's two ends apparently beyond the horizon. There is, according to legend, a boiling pad of gold at one end. People look, no one ever finds it. When a man looks for something beyond his reach, his friends say he is looking for the path of gold at the end of the rainbow. The helicopter is a helicopter. And I grew up in Kenoga Park, which is kind of like near like wood and hills and stuff. And I had this older brother and he's wonderful. I actually just this past summer we came like best friends, but we've always hated each other. He's from 25 and I'm 20. He's sitting on my face and fart and it smelled like rotten corn. And he would pin me down and hawk logies, you know, and like suck them back up right before they hit my face. And he used to tell me about this old lady that would come and take me away if I was bad. Or if I wasn't nice to him or something. So one day he dressed up in old lady clothes and he had this gray wig. I was like four, so he was like nine or ten or something. And he dressed up like this old lady and he knocked on the front door. Like he went out the back door and came around the front door and he knocked. And my man he opened the door and like I just saw him and like freaked out and ran away. But the best story of all is we just moved into a new house in like West Hills. Which was kind of like nice for them to know the park. So it was like a big deal. And I came home from school one day and he had this crazy room. He was like kind of a fucked up kid. He was doing a lot of drugs and a really young age. And his walls were painted with like demons. He's an incredible artist. So like the walls had just these amazing murals. These like really evil demons all over them. And like the inside of cassette tapes were stapled all over the ceiling. So it was just like black stringy stuff like hanging down the ceiling all over. And like everything was like black and dark and evil looking. And he had like a board with like black windows pinned all over that he caught and pinned while they were still alive. So he taken my grandpa had made me this beautiful wooden cradle and given me a baby doll to put inside the cradle. And my grandpa was dead now. And my brother took that baby doll and he set it on weight. And he nailed it to a wooden cross he built. He nailed it upside down to a wooden cross and set it on fire. And he held him alone in his room. And I came home from school. And he was like, and I was probably like five. So he was like ten. Oh my god. So I came home. Oh my god. This is so horrible. I got home from school and he was like, Trisha, I guess when I cut your doll, it's so cool. And you're going to love it. And he was serious. And I was like, OK, what did you do? I'm like fall away into like the bedroom. And maybe maybe he was 12 and I was seven. That sounds like more right. So I fall away into his bedroom, which I was always really scared to go in his bedroom anyway. So I would sit close by aside. And I see this doll hanging on upside down crucifix like burnt to a crisp hanging above his bed. And I flipped out. Like I was screaming and crying. And I took it to my mom and my mom like took it off the crucifix. And she was like, there you have your doll back. And I was like, what? Like it's hair was like burnt and like melted because it had like that, you know, like plastic head. It was awful. I was so upset.