This recording, California 4, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Common Get Secure is copyright Douglas and Honore of Jail McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Common Get Secure. Well, here's a story for you, Sarah Perry, was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district for the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. Jada Bola porridge checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the day. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental. So this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before along, the itchy goose began to spread around the office like a lunatic, which made it unsanitary mess. The goose owner Mary Harrison kept calling Kamakama, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Kam was strong and huge, so it took some time. It would take some force to chat for. But Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, than singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered either. Ethher. Her efforts were not futile and no time the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold onto Kamama and get her relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right aside. Then Sarah confirmed that bedside knows this. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah wanted this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times a class of penicillin. I can't imagine pain so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for it here. Okay. I grew up in Thousand Oaks, California, but I was born in Indiana. Well, I lived in Indiana for about two years, and then I moved to Boston, Massachusetts, and I lived there until about five, and then I moved to San Ramon in San Francisco, and I was there for a couple of years and I moved to Thousand Oaks when I was eight. I'm living here in Persons. My mom grew up in Georgia, Savannah. She flew around a lot, or traveled, grew up in different areas, because my grandmother was in the military. For mostly all throughout the South, and they were my dad in Georgia. Well, I was really fun. I hadn't seen my grandparents in about a year and a half. So when I'm very close with my grandparents, they're my mom's parents, and it was really fun because my mom was there, and my grandmother got up to her there, and my brother and my sister law, and my five-month-old niece and my two-and-a-half-year-old nephew. So we were all there, and one little house, which was so fun, and my grandparents were going to go off course, so we got to drive around in their golf cart, and go golfing, and go swimming, and go to their wheelchair club for Mother's Day, had lunch there, and hung out a lot, and just my grandparents watched the news a lot. CNN is always on, so I got to catch up with my world news. And it was really, it was too short, but I think my mom and I are going to go back and July. So for my grandparents' birthdays, July 25th, so I think we're going to make an effort to try to go see them a little bit more, take like quick trips. You know, we took the red eye on Friday night, so we got it Saturday morning, and then we were there till Tuesday, we left. So I didn't miss that much, and so it was good, and so we kind of wanted to do that as they're getting older, but not wanting to come out here anymore, so we're going to try to make an effort to get to see them work. Because my grandparents made 83 in July. Yeah.