This recording, California 14, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gil McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this major feels sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to stretch around the office like a lunatic which made an unsentitary mess. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her. Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with the cloth and laid her on her right side. This then Sarah had confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah was warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire, lawyer thought it was a fair price fruit here. Possible memory about my childhood. I used to write horses with the neighbor. She had a horse named Diajni and the horse was not tame, but she was teaching me to write it and she had another horse and it was fun to write the horses and I like horses. When I traveled before, we went to Utah and we stayed at a YWCA camp where we were working and some people used to come from the CBs which are military personnel like reserves for the army and their families and they would come and stay in the cabins and we would play with their kids and we played clue and tag and other things made crafts and I wrote horses there too. I was very good in the place and I was in the mountains and there was the river and the people were fishing there and many people were there because there was a place that was closed for the summer but we were not there at all. And almost we didn't see the senior who worked there but there were a lot of animals, a lot of cows and we had to walk in the water