This recording, California 13, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. The area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. Once you got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah on a official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of footnote disease, which was surprising because normally you could only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful word. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made none sanitary mass. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling comma comma, which Sarah thought was my choice for a name. comma was strong and huge so it takes a force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ethyr. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing back. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped off her, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed that that's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a law of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, that it was a fair price for a cure. All right, um, let's see, so I was born in Washington in the place called Bellevue, but I was actually raised. I'm going to say a couple miles away in another town called Samamash, um, was very isolated. Um, our house was surrounded by all these big evergreen trees, and I think there were maybe only one or two houses nearby. As in fact, it was so isolated, we were by the sound kind of. Um, there are lots of raccoons and wolves and deer that would just come up to the house and kind of sit on the driveway, and they one time they said, there are some wolves leaving. I would love to see the wolves. Um, now I live in California, very different from Washington, um, because it's very sunny, much warmer all the time, uh, much more cars, so it's a lot louder. Uh, let's see what else. Oh, I've been to Los Angeles and uh, San Francisco, which are much bigger than the place I grew up in. But because we moved when I was so little, I don't actually remember Washington very much. It's just that I see a lot of pictures that my family has kept. Uh, let's see, uh, what else? Um, yeah, I don't really hear that I have a much of an accent on the west coast. Um, we get told that, you know, there's the valley girl stereotype, but other than that, we don't really have a western thing. You know, we don't have the Texas western pine. Um, I get told that I pronounce some words like I'm a British person, and I guess it's either because I read a certain way, or because it was stressed that I speak extremely standard English, extremely academic, emphasizing all my continents and everything.