The following recording, California 2, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. The Rambo is a division of white light into many beautiful colors. These take the shape of a long round arch with its path high above, and its two ends apparently beyond the horizon. There is a quoting the legend of boiling pot of gold at one end. People look, but no one ever finds it. When a man looks for something beyond his reach, his friends say he's looking for the pot of gold at the end of the Rambo. Throughout the centuries, people have explained the Rambo in various ways. Some have accepted it as a miracle without physical explanation. To the Hebrews, it was a token that there would be no more universal floods. The Greeks used to imagine that it was assigned from the gods to fortale war heavy rain. The horsemen considered the Rambo as a bridge over which the gods pass from earth to their home in the sky. Others have tried to explain the phenomenon physically. Aristotle thought that the Rambo was caused by reflection of the sun's rays by the rain. Since then, physicists have found that it is not reflection, but refraction by the Rambo drops which crosses the Rambo's. Many complicated ideas about the Rambo have been formed. The difference in the Rambo depends considerably upon the size of the drops and the width of the colored band increases as the size of the drops increases. The actual primary Rambo observed is said to be the effect of superimposition of a number of bows. If the red of the second bow falls upon the green of the first, the result is to give a bow with an abnormally wide yellow bend, since red and green light would mix formula. This is a very common type of bow. One showing mainly red and yellow with a little or no green or blue. I left a mission vehicle for 18 years, and that's in Southern Orange County, and for the past three years I've been living in San Juan, Catholic Toronto. It's a little different, I think, because it's closer to the beach. I work in a bank, which is near the beach. I observe a lot of people coming in and talking to them and they have a lazy way of talking, I'd say, the beach bombs kind of. It's interesting working there and talking to people communicating and hearing different types of dialects. I think it's a more a lazier way of speaking down here. Compared to, I'd say Eastern or Midwestern accents. I think that they pronounce consonants more, do we just kind of let it flow?