‘K, um, I grew up in Thousand Oaks, California, but I was born in Indiana. Well, I lived in Indiana for the f– like about two years, and then I moved to, uh, Boston, Massachusetts, and I lived there till I was about 5, and then I moved to, uh, San Ramon, uh, in San Francisco, and I lived there for a couple of years, and then I moved to Thousand Oaks, when I was 8. And I’ve lived here ever since. My mom, um, grew up in Georgia, Savannah. She flew around a lot, um, er, traveled, grew up in different areas, because my grand’a’ was in the military. But mostly all throughout the South. And the same with my dad, Georgia. Mmm-hmm. Um, well, it was really fun. I hadn’t seen my grandparents in about a year and a half, so, and I’m very close to my grandparents. They’re, uh, my mom’s parents. And it was really fun because my mom was there, and, uh, my grandparents also were there, and my brother and my sister-in-law, and my five-month old niece and my two-and-a-half-year old nephew. So, we were all there, in one little house, [laughs] which was so fun, and we went, um … My grandparents live at a golf course, so we got to drive around in their golf cart, and go golfing and go swimming, and go to their — we went to their club, um, for Mother’s Day, and had brunch there. And hung out a lot, and just — my grandparents watch the news, a lot. CNN is always on, so I got to catch up with my world news. Um, and it was — it was really — it was too short, but I think my mom and I are gonna go back in July. So, for, my grand ‘a’s birthday’s July 25th, so I think we’re gonna make an effort to go see them a little bit more, take like quick trips. You know, we took the red-eye on Friday night, so we got in Saturday morning, and then we were there till, um … Tuesday we left. So, it was — I didn’t miss that much, and so that was good. So, we kind of want to do that. As they’re getting older, they’re not willing to come out here any more, so, we’re gonna try to make an effort to get to see them more, ’cause my Gram’s gonna be 83 in July.