I was born in Florence, Colorado. And, um, but– b– lived in Westcliffe; I grew up in Westcliffe. And, um [noise] grew up out south of the town in — on the ranch — on the ranch. So I grew up, you know, doing all the animals and the 4H projects and, um, riding horses and helping in the hay fields in the summer. And, um, I showed pigs and lambs and, uh, and my horse, too. I loved that. I always showed horses and, um, in the rodeo did barrels and the different things like that. So that was a lot of fun. Uh, growing up that was pretty much my favorite thing to do, was the time of year that I liked was the fair time and being in, in the fair grounds and, um, and rodeo and all that. That was really the, the best time of the year and what I looked forward to all year. And then, of course, we’d, you know, sell our animals and make a little money. And then we’d go to Pueblo and, um, and shop and, and go to the state fair at Pueblo. And that was a big treat every year to do that. And I still, still love to do that and take my kids there. So that’s fun. Um, went to high school here and graduated here and then went to Denver. Um, and — uh, let’s see, well I actually went to school in Greeley and, and in Boulder and then in Denver. So I went to Metro State in Denver. And, um, I really loved my time in Denver, too. I was up there almost, well, over 15 years. And, um, my husband was a Denver police officer. And, you know, we just loved it there, kind of put the, the farm side of it aside for a few years. And then when our kids got to be old enough that, you know, I felt like I’d really like for them to have the same kind of experience that I had growing up here. And so we moved back about seven years ago. And now my kids are doing 4H and, and doing all of that and enjoying the mountains. And — like to — really don’t get to camp as much as we’d like to. But, um, you know, look at the mountains, anyway. It seems like people that don’t live here actually are up in the mountains enjoying them more than the people that are here. But plan on trying to get up there a little bit more this summer.