I stay going to school a- at Brigham Young University of Hawaii. My major is Hawaiian Studies and, um, Psychology, but I just changed it to Secondary Education, and I minor in Spanish. I, I’m decide for come to this school about three years ago, uh, because they had a, they had a graphics program here, but they, they kicked it out, so I’m transferring now. Eh, I don’t like that idea, but I’m gonna have to do it anyways. I think I’m gonna transfer to the University of Hawaii campus, and either Manoa or over on the Big Island. On the Big Island, they — that’s where I live, so I can go for cheap, but, uh, in Manoa they got a better program than the one on the Big Island. Uh, right now I work at, uh, PCC, as a tour guide, on canoes. I give tours, not wearing much clothes, but it’s cool. I like it, it’s a fun job. Um, I give tours in Spanish and in English. For fun, yeah, I go surf all the time. At the North Shore, Pipeline, wherevers. And I also like to, sometimes, just go camping, hang out with friends, or go, go hiking up in the woods, up on the top. I ride a, a Mike Stewart Mach — Mach 3. It’s, eh, it’s about 42 inches, 42 by 33. Yeah, it’s a body — it’s a boogie board. I go to Pipe sometimes, but then, a better wave is at V’lan’. I guarantee there’s more better surfing at V’lan’. If you’d, uh, there’s some good hikes out here, get Molaikoana, get Laie Falls, get Stairway to Heaven, those [unclear], but I prefer the Big Island, ’cause get valleys, and — over here, not much valleys. Only get the, the long mountain ranges. Out on the Big Island you get… snow, sometimes, or on the other side, in Kona I get — it’s all desert. But mostly, um, on my side, in Hilo, it’s always raining but get good surf, so I like that. Not much sharks. Volcano Kilauea, that’s out in, uh, a place called Puna on the Big Island, and, uh, it’s about 45 minutes from my house. When I was a little kid, I saw the, the lava flow. I went to touch it, but my mom’s like, “Don’t do it,” so I never [Laughter]. (Uh) But, ever since then, every night if I like see the volcano, I just go to the end of my street. I live right in back o’ the vol– the airport. And so, like around nine o’clock, when there’s no airplanes coming in, I go to the airport and watch, across the horizon. There’s like a little red bump — it looks like a pimple, on the night skyline. It’s pretty exciting. It’s pretty cool. I like it. You know Hot Water Pond? Out by the volcano, ’cause of the volcano there’s underwater vents, an- and there — there’s Hot Water Pond. Us go there every night. Well, during the summer about nine o’clock, when it’s really cold, but it’s really nice over there. The moon stay shining and just go out. Heck, jump in naked, whatever. ‘S good fun. No one ever understood me. The way I talked. And so, I thought now that I speak proper English. But it helped out, because in pidgin, when you talk pidgin, it’s as if you’re speaking Spanish English, in a way. So when I was learning how to speak Spanish, I never knew how for speak Spanish before I went there. So I got there, and everyone was like, “Oh, I can’t understand you what you stay saying in English.” And I’m like, “OK.” So I started learning Spanish, and all the Hispanic guys thought I was — I was a native, the way that I talked. That was pretty funny. Mahalo.