I grew up in south Louisville. Uh, I lived there up until the time — well, where I grew up I lived up until the time I was 20. Uh, it was working-class neighborhood. When I was growing up, um, there were, most of the mothers were stay-at-home mothers. So you knew, all the, they all knew each other; I knew all the kids growing up, it, you know, it, it was blue collar. You know, so, you know they’re not like a big, you know, bunch of executives or anybody around; it wasn’t like that. Um, I think uh, the dialect in south Louisville differs, uh, from other parts of the east end because most, I think of, of the south end is a family community, whereas a lot of the people that live in other parts of the city, I think, you know, come from other places, and, like, they’re more professionals, and, um, I, I think the south end is, I think most of the people that live in the south end have been there a long time; they’re family has been there, whereas, you know, people that come from other places are just not usually going to gravitate towards the south end. Um, uh, there were a lot of Catholic families on our street, I know I was jealous growing up; all the girls would have first communion and I, I didn’t have first communion because I went to the Methodist church down the street. So’s kind of jealous about that. Um, I went to, uh, Iroquois High School, which is on down Taylor Boulevard. Um, where I live now really isn’t that far, um, from it. I grew up very close to Churchill Downs, which, it, a lot of people would think that’s cool but I look as, at D-Derby day as a day where you were kind of stuck, you couldn’t go anywhere because of all the traffic. And, huh, my husband growing up um, he always went to the Derby and he, he never saw the side of it that I did. I mean, they’d get on the expressway, they’d go in the Downs, they’d park, they had their great box seats right on the rail, would watch the Derby and go home, so, I know that when, um, when we first started dating; we’d go over my mother’s house Derby eve and we’d watch all the traffic going up and down Taylor Boulevard. And he, it fascinated him, I mean he would sit there with his mouth hanging open because he never saw that part of it. He didn’t know how wild it was. I mean he just couldn’t get over all the people, and, you know, so, you know, he saw a different side of it, you know, than what I saw. A, you know, a lot of people, you know, look down on the south end, but it’s very unfortunate, I mean you can g-get beautiful homes in the south end; I think the cost o’ living is, I m- it-, it’s the same, but you can get a house comparable to a house out on the east end for less money. I’m close to work, I mean it’s, you know, it’s, it’s very handy for me.