I was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, at Charity Hospital on August 20th of 1985. I am the oldest of three children. I have a little brother and a little sister, and we lived in the lower 9th Ward. Um, I went to Catholic schools throughout my life, even through college. Um, my major is pharmacy, and I was a student at Xavier University of Louisiana, before the storm. As a result of the storm, I ended up at the University of Louisiana at LaFayette, which is a way bigger campus than Xavier, and I’m not really used to walkin’ around, ’cause everything’s within walking distance, you know, it’s not that far. The classes are fine, but I think it’s just a hard transition not being able to start school from the beginning. So it’s like you have to play catch-up. It’s really, really hard. And I’m used to makin’ good grades, and that season my grades are like Cs, instead of As and Bs that I’m used to getting, but, I mean, the transition was really hard, so, I’m happy I’m just passing. Yes, I’ve made a lot of friends. Um, there’s one girl — we go out a lot. ’Cause I normally just stay in my room. I don’t really go anywhere, ’cause I don’t know anything too much, but she shows me around, and we go out to eat an-, or the movies, or we go bowlin’. It’s just like bein’ in New Orleans, the only difference is: New Orleans, everythin’ stays open [laughs] way later than in LaFayette. Um, yes, my brother and my sister are also in LaFayette. Um, my brother was goin’ to all-boy high school, and now he attends a co-ed high school, which is, um, LaFayette High. My sister was also in Catholic school, and she’s at S.J. Montgomery Elementary, and she’s 8, so she’s havin’ a hard time. She misses her friends; she was a cheerleader, and she doesn’t get to do the things she used to do in New Orleans. My brother, sh- he’s just happy he gets to go to school with girls, so he’s pretty much OK. My parents are fine. My dad is a carpenter, so he goes back and forth, from New Orleans to LaFayette, and from LaFayette back to New Orleans with my fiancé, who’s a New Orleans police officer. So, we, um, get to see him like every other weekend, but I’m so used to my dad bein’ in the house with me. So it’s kinda hard, ’cause I live on campus now, and I’m not with my family all the time. And my mom’s havin’ a hard time, ’cause she’s used to goin’ to work, and now she doesn’t have a job, so she has to find things to busy herself with. But my mom was a home health-care nurse, in New Orleans. Well, actually, it was the Metairie area, but, pretty much it’s all one big area. They just have different sections called different things, but to me it’s all New Orleans.