I was born in Cambridge; lived here 47 years. I’d gone to the high school here, which is Ridgetech. It’s now just plain Cambridge Ridge and Latin. Uh, I played sports. I did wrestling. Uh, I became a firefighter, probably about 13 years ago. I did retail for 17 years. Uh, married with four kids. Uh, what else do I have? I work with children in the school, teaching about fire safety. Uh, next, next week I will be doing a camp at the Middlesex County Sheriff’s Department, uh, which is taking inner-city kids and giving them one more week before they go back to school. I teach them about fire safety, first aid, uh, and a little bit about the police department also. I gotta tell ya, one of the first fires that I was involved in, while bein’ a firefighter, uh, was the second day that I worked. We had probably the largest fire that we’ve had in the city, uh, which was an eight-alarm fire. Uh, our truck was first-due truck, so we were the first truck that was there to, uh, go into the houses and check to see if there was anyone in there. Uh, after we got out of one house that we’d checked, that all went up in flames. So as soon as we got in there, and we got out maybe five, ten minutes, that house was fully involved. So that was one of the stories that, uh, that I hold dear to my heart, because it, uh, safety-wise, and … like I said, just bein’ on two days, to see a big fire like that. Um, tell you another story: I teach fire safety in the schools. I go around, uh, teachin’ them how to do stop-drop-and-roll, how to call 911 and when to call 911. And I really got involved as soon as I got on the fire department, so I hold it very dear to my heart. Uh, I think it’s a good way of lettin’ kids know when to do things and when not to do things, and also, in case you get an emergency, who to call and when to call. It has helped a lot. It has cut down on fires in the city, uh, over 50 percent. Actually, the numbers are actually higher than that, uh, more like 75-80 percent. So, it’s a good program that we’ve had for about 13 years now.