My father’s family moved in ru- uh, settled in m- [pause] middle Georgia, rural middle Georgia soon after the Revolutionary War. Daddy was born there in nine-, in eighteen eighty-nine; went to school, went to high school later in Macon, Georgia; graduated from Mercer University, went west and worked on the Denver Post, and came back, fought in World War One in France, and then came back and settled where he had started out, in rural middle Georgia. My mother grew up [pause] probably about sixty miles from that in Eatonton, Georgia, which was a lovely Southern town. She was born in a house that was built in the early eighteen-hundreds: Greek revival with white columns. Went to school in Eatonton and then went to college in Milledgeville, Georgia. When Daddy got home from the war, he went over to Milledgeville to see his baby sister and just happened to meet Mother, who was her roommate. He went home and said to his father, uh, “I have met the woman I’m going to marry,” but it was not to be that easy. Mother was invited to stay on [pause] after she graduated (she had majored in home economics), and she was invited to stay on as a teacher, and somehow she ended up in Atlanta, Georgia, with an office in the capitol building as an executive with the G- Geo- Georgia Department of Education, which was most unusual in the nineteen-twenties, for a [pause] lady to have that kind of a job) But, anyway (finally), after eight years Daddy s- won and moved her to rural middle Georgia, into his grandparents’ home. Um, eight years later I was born. At that time Mother was 37 and Daddy was 47. I, um [pause], lived there surrounded by maiden aunts and great aunts, and then, when I was 5 years old, Mother taught me the first grade. I had a February birthday so, then- and when I was 6 years old I entered public school [pause] at the [Twigs-Wilkinson?] Consolidated School. This brought all the children from a two-county area on five school buses to school every day. Most of these children came off farms (their parents were either tenant farmers or sharecroppers) and the first and second grades were huge. They had one section with about probably thirty or thirty-five children.