I’m 14 years old, and I live in Wintersville, Ohio. ’S right outside of Steubenville, Ohio, which is about 45 minutes from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. (Um) I’m in drama club, an’ I’m in band, and … ’ell, let’s see, there’s not a lo– whole lot to do around here. I s’pose I could tell you ’bout what there is to do in Pittsburgh. We have (uh) Robinson Town Center, which is a very large shopping complex, just (uh) about five minutes from the Pittsburgh International Airport. (Uh) I like to go plays up in Pittsburgh, an’ few concerts every once in a while. I really don’t get outta the area, much more than two or three times a year, an’ I go down to Knoxville, Tennessee, (um) on my vacation. (Um) I enjoy listening to music. I like a lotta different kinds o’ music actually. I’m not one of those people who’ll only listen to, y’know, rap, or pop, or rock. I listen to a healthy mix. I like the– like to listen to the radio. (Uh) I like to watch some television. I’m not a major, big-time television watcher. I don’t spend every waking hour watching television, if you know what I mean. But I do like to watch FoxNews channel, and (uh) CNN, the O’Reilly, Hannett, Ian Combs. I like the — I like to be informed, which a lotta people don’t, in my school, so it’s much easier to get ahead o’ the game in a few subjects that way. I like to play video games. I have a GameCube and an N64. I’m kind of a Nintendo fan, but I don’t really know all that much about other systems. I li- (uh) I like to watch, an’ enjoy watching movies. I love all the James Bond films. I think Sean Connery, y’know, he’s the best. But, I like a lot of other movies too. “Air Force One,” that was a good one; all the “Star Wars” ones; (uh) “Remember the Titans,” “Men in Black,” (uh) “Independence Day,” y’know, an’ “Harry Potter,” “Castaway.” I’m not a real big sports person. I’d rather play in band. I play the trombone. I’m pretty decent at it. I write songs. I’m not really incredibly wonderful at ’em, but, y’know, I like to write songs every once in a while. I find it is a nice escape. I like to go online. I enjoy computers, think that’s the way the world’s heading. I like reading books. Lord forbid, a teenager read a book any more, but I enjoy it, thoroughly. You can actually stop whenever you feel like it, an’ take stuff with you. (Um) I was born in Steubenville; then I moved out to Wintersville, in my kindergarten year, but I still kept going to Steubenville city schools. I’ve got two parents, that still live together and are happy, which is a good thing. Both my grandparents live in (uh) the area, within 15 minutes of my house, so, they’re like second parents to me. My aunt lives down in — my aunt [here pronounces “ant”] lives down in Tennessee. (Um) That’s who I go visit. My mom graduated from OU, so they’re trying to drag her into the band, to be a part-time director. My dad graduated from OSU, and he’s a pharmacist.