Cincinnati is big. It’s bigger than any city I’ve ever been to (um) or lived in. I know, there’s lotsa hicks in Cincinnati too. An’ my first house, that I was born at, there was a pig farm, down the road, an’ it stunk real bad. And (uh) — an’ then (uh) I moved, an’ then we moved again, in Cincinnati. And, an’ then I moved to the inner city, an’ that was — That was fine, until the riots broke out. An’ I wasn’t livin’ there when that happened, but my sister was and (uh) … I dunno. Ev’rybody’s car got smashed and (uh) ev’rything like that. Y’ know, it was a bad time. That was, like, y’ know, last year. Las’ March. Well, I went to pre-school, so that was the first one. That was, like, y’ know, the YMCA or whatever. An’ then my mom made me go to kindergarten with her, even though I wasn’t s’pposed to be in kindergarten yet. An’ my friends were all [unclear] at the school an’ [unclear]. That’s about the only thing I remember. [Giggling] An’ then (um) I went to another place, called Wilson and (um) … They — I dunno. I went there, an’ then I had to go back to my mom’s school ’cause she wanted me to have Catholic background. But I hated it an’ so I went back to the public school. (Uh) I went to high school, and I didn’t like high school. And so I left Cincinnati. I worked at Domino’s. [Interviewer: For how long?] An’ — Oh, on an’ off , for a year or two. I delivered pizzas. Yup, that wasn’ fun. Nah. I worked at a vet. An’ that wasn’ fun. That was a really gross job. [Interviewer: What’d you do?] I cleaned up. Well, I could tell you the grossest thing about the vet. [Interviewer: OK.] Well, there were two gro– two grossest parts. Three, OK. First one is when you put the animals to sleep, they crap an’ pee all over themselves an’ ev’rything. An’ then you have to put ’em in a bag, an’ then you ha’ put a tag on it, an’ then put ’em in the freezer in the bag till the people come an’ get ’em. It’s really gross. [Laughing] An’ then, the second grossest thing is (um) this tumor that I had — they took it off a dog an’ (uh) — It was about as big as, like, a gallon of milk. It was — an’ I had to pick it up with this other girl. We just took all these, like, utensils with it, an’ carry it and put it in a bag and put it into the freezer, ’cause the bio-hazard people come an’ take all that stuff away. Third grossest thing is (um) — was — when they would do, like, abortions on cats, an’ dogs, an’ they’d be — all be in their, like, sacs an’ stuff. An’ you’d have to put those in a bag too. An’ then there’s the stool samples y’ had to mix up the stuff. Yeah, that was really gross.