Well, uh, I was raised in Vermillion, South Dakota. It’s, uh, a small college town, uh, just in the corner of the state. Um, I’ve lived here since I was 6 years old. Um, my mom worked as a professor at the Psychology Department at the University. My parents, my mom and my dad: um, they got divorced when I was 12. Uh, my mom has remarried; my dad has a fiancé, so I have one biological brother and many step siblings. I don’t know [chuckle] if I know how many. Um, I have a lot of extended family, most of which lives in Texas near Houston. Uh, I have an uncle and his family that lives in Delaware, and my mother was adopted, so her real family lives in New York. Uh, we don’t know them, heh, but we have found out who they are so, uh, someday we’d like to get to know who they are. I’m Seneca Iroquois native; uh, that’s from New York, but I grew up most of my life in Vermillion, South Dakota, so we’ve pretty much been adopted by the Lakota people here. Um, so I grew up traditional Lakota. Um, my culture is very important to me. It’s a different tribe than mine, but I’ve never really known mine since I never grew up there but, um, I’ve been very much accepted by the people here and think of them as my family since a lot of my extended family are not here. So, I practice traditional Lakota beliefs and culture and ceremony, and it’s very near to my heart. I guess my favorite tradition would be the Sundance Ceremony, uh, that’s in the end of the summer. Um, it’s actually a very difficult, uh, ceremony. You have to prepare for it all year long, and it lasts about a week. But it’s something that, um, if you’re a Sundancer, which I am, it’s something that you live your whole life, so it’s all year round. But during that week of Sundance, the whole community gets together and we all camp out together and, uh, cook for each other and take care of each other, and it’s really special to me: the cohesion that we have during that time. And we’re all working hard together and supporting each other, so that’s a very special time to me even though it’s hot and it’s hard and difficult. Um, it’s very special to me to have that close connection with my community.