I was born in Mart, Texas, in a house, not in a hospital, and as many of my contemporaries were. Mart, Texas, is a cotton farmland area at that time that was inhabited mostly by three ethnic groups. Number one, which I belong to and come from, is pure Scots-Irish. The dominant ethnic group of Texas and the dominant culture of Texas is essentially a Scots-Celtic culture and I was born into that. My grandfather was born in Texas at the same town in a wagon. His father was killed on a cattle drive and his mother probably was a Cherokee squaw that he had picked up in east Texas before the Civil War. So that’s on my mother’s side. On my father’s side my great-grandfather came as a child, I mean my great-great grandfather, came as a child to Texas in 1845 from Mississippi/Tennessee area. The Curlies came was typical Scots that fleed the battle of Argoden — I mean Caloden — came to the United States, fought in the Revolutionary War, started going west, and they were typical Scots-Irish frontiers men. Part of the family came to Texas. Another part of the family went to Missouri and started the clothing manufacturing store … business. So my family were just poor Scots-Irish dirt farmers. In my community, that Mark was raised in, we had Germans on one side of town, they had farms generally, and the best- the best farms the Germans had. The other side of town were the little best, not quite as nice a farms, were the Czechs, and then the majority of the people there were Scots-Irish and then a large, ’bout third of ’em, were black farm workers. So all of those three things contributed to the language. I think that essentially the language is dominated by the Celtic’s Scots-Irish way of thinking and talking. One of the things that is in small towns in Texas, and mines the same way, is everyone has a nickname Every single person nearly has a nickname and that is — just goes through the whole town. We had, that’s both black and white, one of the- one of the black guys was called The Shadow because he was so, so black. If in one of the kids — and you got these nicknames from things that happened to ya as a child and they were usually very embarrassing things like a kid that — whose nose ran a lot or had a lot of colds or stuff, he was called Booger. And he called Booger the rest of his life. One kid, they caught him eating bugs when he was a child, he was eating these little doodle bugs, and so for the rest of his, his life his names was Bugsy. Hickey was a guy that had a big boil on the back of his- on his butt. His name was Hickey Butt. My nickname was Guildersleeve. And that came from the way I laughed when I was a child because there was a radio character named Guildersleeve on the radio in the forties and thirties, and that’s where my nickname came. And, and my family still calls me that. So first thing is: Everybody has a nickname.