I’ve lived here since 1967, an’ (uh) my husband an’ I moved here from Cleveland, Ohio, where he was with NASA, at the Lewis Research Center there. And (um) we wanted a southern climate. We were tired of the snow, up there, so we came to Texas. And (uh) at that point in time, I had had all my three children. An’ (uh) then we came to (uh) Houston area. It’s where we came to, to live. An’ bought a home there, an’ (um) … so that was the cr– … We started our life in Texas. An’ a few years later I divorced, and then I lived in Galveston, and Mission, Texas, which is near McAllen, an’ San Antonio. An’ then up here in Austin, which — I got my job at UT, an’ I (uh) worked in the UT theatre and events department for 19 years. Put in some good hours there in the academic area, which I love very much. An’ now I’m retired, an’ still live here in Austin. An’ (uh) I have (uh) grandchildren here, an’ family, an’ … so I enjoy bein’ retired very much, an’ (uh) I always suggest it for ev’rybody. Yeah I (um) didn’ really know much about theatre, before I got the position here in the department. An’ so it, it spawned a great love for the theatre now. An’ I love to go an’ see things. An’ we’ve had so many shows here. An’ one show I got to see — there was professional group came in, was the performance of (uh) Phantom of the Opera. That was very good … at Performing Arts Center. But I’ve seen many, many shows here in the department. I mean, from little scenes to big productions, an’ this department is just — It’s amazing, what the students do. It’s like theatre: They say theatre is magic, an’ I believe that, beca– [chortles] Y’can see all these rehearsals, which — I had taken part in some (uh) things here. I’ve, I’ve gotten involved in theatre (uh), since I (uh) became to love it. And (uh) I worked on some professional shows, up in town, as (uh) sound. And (uh) even did a l — couple little walk-in parts as (uh) an actor. An’ I’ve done lights. I got involved in (uh) props. So, I got a little taste o’ theatre so I could know what these students are goin’ through an’ when they talk to me, I can better relate to what they’re talkin’ about. So (uh), I also work with Michael Harlan, who’s (uh) directin’ shows at Capitol City Playhouse, which we no longer have anymore, but it was a great venue for, for good theatre in Austin. An’ he produced (uh) The Seagull an’ (uh) Biloxi Blues, both of which I did sound, sound operator for those shows. An’ (um), so I, I’ve spent a lotta time in the department plus I’ve actually worked in theatre a little bit, so I, I’ve learned to really love it more an’ more even being involved. Y’know, so, it’s been great experience here in Austin.