I grew up actually, uh, primarily on a ranch, on the border of Utah and Nevada. Um, like, right in the middle of the state off of, uh, Highway 50. Um we moved out there when I was about eight. Uh, and before that we, w- … I lived in a place called Covered Bridge Canyon, up past uh, Spanish Fork. And so, we moved out there when I was 8. I pretty much grew up out on the ranch. Uh, with just my family. There is five kids in my family. And there was one other family that lived on the ranch with us, but besides that the nearest neighbor was like three miles away. So, it was a pretty desolate place. Um, there was probably — within like, I don’t know, fifty-mile radius of where I lived, there was probably no more than…a hundred people. So, it was really small. Um, but I liked it, especially as a young kid growing up; there was really nice ‘cause lots of room to run and play and make noise and you could do all kinds of fun stuff. And so we’d always build forts and do things. Being in Moscow, Russia, was really interesting; uh, it was such a different perspective on, just, world views and lives, being able to live in a different culture like that for a little while. I actually got to live with a family and uh, you know, I ate with them, and I mean I got to live with a Russian family for, I think I was there for about two or three months, um, but, I mean it wasn’t like I was a, a tourist there. I actually got to kind of experience what it was like. And it was really neat. And I got to see, uh, Swan Lake at the Kremlin. There in Moscow. And so that was really amazing. Um, Hawaii, of course, was beautiful. I uh, got to go there, uh — I went down there because my brother was getting married. And so, for his wedding, uh, we all went down to Hawaii and it was it was a really interesting experience, but, it was really beautiful; um, when I got married I went down to Mexico, uh, to, where was it? Ensenada? Went to Ensenada, Mexico, on a cruise for my honeymoon. And so it was like a four- or five-day cruise. Um, it rained the entire time. Uh, ‘cause we went down during the rainy season. It was — we got married in December and went down there and it was actually kind of a really miserable experience.