I was born in Virginia in October of 1932. My mother says that they had to light a fire in the fireplace, to keep the bedroom warm. She tol’ me of the wallpaper with the roses, an’ of the beautiful organdy lace curtains at the window. I was raised in Martinsville, Virginia; schooled, loved, an’ married there. Our second child was borned in Martinsville. My father, a born-an’-bred North Carolinian, met, wooed and married my mother. In fact, they eloped, back to North Carolina to be married. Martinsville, at the time that I was growin’ up, was a small little community, but by the time I hit high school, DuPont had built a plant there, an’ from all over the country came these foreigners, with dialects we didn’t quite understand, but who improved the quality of life in Martinsville immensely. The education system in our high school was equal to the first two years of college in any university in Virginia. I married my husband in Martinsville, Virginia. We left there, an’ after 20-some moves, have come to Alabama. Martinsville was located on that edge of the Carolina line, an’ if you wanted to be really a rowdy teenager, you got into a car, driven by a young man that had a rumble-seat, an’ you drove across the line, to North Carolina, to a place called Spooky Hollow, an’ danced to the jukebox. This was a time of growin’ up. This was the time of Worl’ War II. This is when I would go to a movie for twenty-five cents, could stay all day, paid ten cents for my popcorn. These were happy, beautiful times, but the mos’ gorgeous times in my life came after I was married an’ moved all over the country. An’ I was teased about my Southe’n accent. I was teased that, I could be found anywhere in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, because of the way I talked. But ironically enough, during that point of my life, there was a President Johnson in the White House, an’ many of the people thought I had come from Texas, because their only exposure was to hear Ladybird Johnson. My Southern drawl has always proved me well, even though I thought ev’ryone talked like I did. Until the moves. The moves have made me listen. The moves to Indiana began to tell me that: 1) They had no mountains, and 2) They talked flat. The move back south though, to the Deep South, was a rude awakening. How dare they call Virginia “Northern?” Ev’ry ancestor that I had rolled over in their grave the first time I had a friend in Alabama say, “Oh, you really are from the North.” However, the l — Deep South welcomes you to their bosom, like a wide, wide oak tree. An’ for that I’m eternal grateful. …