This recording, Nevada 1, is Copyright the International Dialective English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is Copyright Douglas and Honoroff, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who'd been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and much more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit, and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because, normally, you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around like the office, around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling Kama, Kama. Which Sarah thought was an odd choice for her name. Kama was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trapper, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing attuned to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to Kama and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped off with a clean cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. My own accent is, it's actually pretty variable. I spent most of my time from the ages of eight through fifteen learning every accent that I could get a hold of via media, you know, movies and whatnot. Mrs. Stern and I both were, we entertained ourselves for hours, imitating the movies. Austin Powers was actually the first movie that inspired our linguistic habits, and then Monty Python and the Holy Grail was the kind of the catalyst for us learning. The English accent at least, since then, we've pretty much been going one after another learning all the, well, pretty much as many as we could. So today, you know, I'm 19 years old, I've been doing it for so long that all I have to do is watch Pirates of the Caribbean, and I will fall into and get stuck in an English accent for like an hour or so. It's like people that lived in Oklahoma, like my mother, for instance, she used to live in Oklahoma. Whenever she has a couple of drinks, or if she's around somebody from that area, she starts talking like she's from Oklahoma, and it's actually really annoying because we can't get her to stop, but, you know, I kind of feel her pain when I do that though, because, you know, her having done it to me, I, I'm sure I can sympathize with her whenever I drop into an accent, but the funny thing about me, though, is that sometimes I'll drop into an accent, and I won't stay in that accent. I'll jump from that accent to another one, back to that one and into another one again. So on a bad day, I'll go from English to Scottish to Irish to French to Canadian to English again, and then to Mexican to Australian to Japanese to, you know, whatever accents I have in my inventory, I have so many of them, I don't even know what I have anymore. When I do that, it even drives my sister nuts, and she knows at least as many accents as I do. So, I don't know, it's fun though, I like to play with people, you know, sometimes the first day of class at a new semester, people will ask me for my name, and I'll say my name, you know, and then, but I won't say it in an American accent, I'll just say it, you know, in an English accent or something, and they'll ask me, are you from England? And I'll say, well, yeah, maybe, and they'll kind of look at me all funny and all this kind of smile, and essentially, and pretend that what my answer was totally normal, and leaves them confused for the rest of the class period, and then I'll usually wait a couple of days before I jump back into my own native accent that you're hearing now, and I actually did this in high school, people were shocked when they learned that I wasn't from London. I was very pleased with myself, and it was nice to say.