This recording, Illinois 15, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Come and get to cure. Is copyright Douglas and honor of Gil Maccala and Papa Sumavil? Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo and it's a zirda district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a sub or private practice at North Square near the Dupestow street tower. That area was much nearer for her and water or liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kits and headed for water. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally, he would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchigooce became, began to strike around in the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling coma, coma, but Sarah thought it was an ob-choice for a name. coma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to travel. But Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's thaw her back, with her palm then saying a tune to her, finally she administered either. Wherever it's for a not-fruitile, in no time the goose began to tire, Susera was able to hold onto coma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. Mother was actually raised in Kansas and my father was born and raised in Alton, Illinois, which is about 20, 30 minutes from St. Louis. Again, I have a lot in common, two cars and airplanes. I have a master's degree and for a four course education and my bachelor's degree is actually an automotive. My father comes from a similar background, bachelor's and aviation, and then a master's and higher education as well. We've actually rebuilt several cars together and his current airplane. He actually has a satabria and it was what we call a ground looped and that's when somebody when they come into land the airplane, they actually looped it. We went to basically everything from the ground up. We have rebuilt the 1975 Corvette. It was also in the wreck and we had to replace the front clip. We actually had to take the whole body off the frame. We bought a new frame, so here I have a lot of that in common.