This recording, Illinois, 29, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gilma Kala and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. Once she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising, because normally you could only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel served for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to stutter around the office like a lunatic, which made it unsanitary mass. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling Kamakama, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Kamama was strong in huge, so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. One Sarah had managed to bathe the goose. She wiped her off with the cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine that it was a very price for a cure. I know my first memory and I'm like, I swear this is true. So I remember being maybe like in crawling stage, I don't think I was able to walk yet, but I remember how the layout of our little, I think we lived in like two flutter and apartment or something. I remember we had a rug carpet and I would crawl to the same area every day, because there was this little toy. It's actually a candy. It's called a pink candy. It looks like it's in a little cylinder and then there's a pink brush sticking out of it. So it almost looks like a lint roller, but it's candy. So I remember seeing that and then leaving coming back and always coming back because there's always on the same spot on the floor for some reason, probably because like maybe the house was a mess and like it's like organized chaos if you know where everything is, you know? And then I remember one day I went back and it was gone. Yeah, so I'm just gifted. Because some people say that their first memories were in their five and I'm like, no, mine's when I was like two. Well, the reason I know, but I'm not insane is because I had been thinking like as I was getting older and older older, I was like, I would just remember it would always come back to me and I'm like, what was that thing that like I was grab because it's such a distinct image in my mind, but I've never seen it again. And so one day I was at this, you know what big lots is or it was a big lots. It was like a random weird story like that where they have old recall things, random things and I was walking through