This recording, Indiana 3, is copyright the international dialects of English Archive. Comic its secure is copyright Douglas Enanraf, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Summerville. Well here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian who had been working daily in an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking, even so on her first morning she felt stress. She had evolved porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plane yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. Once she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. Gullman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form, a foot mouth, and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long that itchy goose began the strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Common was a strong and huge, so it would take some force to travel, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm. Then singing a tune to her, finally she had demonstrated either. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and get her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on the right side. Then Sarah confirmed with a vetsadite nurses, almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah wore that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times across the penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but miss. Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was fair price for a cure. This past weekend, I went to Nashville and visited downtown Square, and a local restaurant, listened to some live music. Then I went to their fairgrounds and saw a flea market, which was about the size of, like, it was huge, it was huge fair. I've never seen anything so big. There's a lot of cool neat stuff, awesome design furniture. Then went to one of the local malls, and I had some salmon, it was tasty. I also got to see some cool sea life and the tanks that surrounded the restaurant and also that was in the middle of the restaurant. The saw was pretty neat. Then in drop, so yeah, that was a pretty awesome trip.