This recording in Indiana 2 is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, a copyright Douglas Ann honor off, Jill McCullough and Bob or some of them. Well, here's a story for you. Cary Perry was an veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked with self in the mirror, and watched her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see that in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long the itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic which made an unassanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling Kamma Kamma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Kamma was strong in huge, so it would take some force to trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. In him and Indiana, and I was raised in Chera. In Lake County, Indiana. These cities and this county are right next to Chicago, Illinois. So we're less than 25 minutes away from the border, and less than an hour's drive away from Chicago, Illinois. I have... I am white. That's my ethnicity. But from those two things, theater and flange, I've learned a lot about annunciation and annoying little nuances in my cultures language. Because around here there's a humongous diversity among people. There's the Chicago accent. And I want to become an actor, so I really think that might have an effect on my pronunciation.