this recording self-decoded two is copyright the international private time star key come a get the cure is copyright weapons burning upgule macalla and other somebody common gets the cure or hers story for you sarap very was that saying is we have been working daily at an old school indicted destructive territory so she was very happy for starting you job has ג and private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking, even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face and a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress, and a fleeced jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. Once she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gazed Sarah and official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot-malt disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog's or a goat. Sarah was sent to mantle, and so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. It's far along that if she goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling common, common, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Common was strong and huge, so it would take some force to capper, but Sarah had a different idea. First you tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her, finally she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, and Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped off with a cloth and laid her on her right side, and Sarah confirmed the best diagnosis, and almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this cause of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times I have a sister that was on the farm acreage where we grew up, and I have a son and a daughter, they both live in the Sioux Falls area, and they have each a daughter, so we get to see it. So now my dad's side is the family, and my grandma would always need a set of door for the Christmas supper with a tray full of little glasses like communion glasses, and it would be filled with Christmas cheer, and the Christmas cheer was purple grape juice. And I remember wrinkling up my nose as I drank it, and then after the big pot-look Christmas supper we would open gifts, but before the gift opening my grandpa would read a Christmas story from the Bible, and how I missed those days. I don't know much about except that in the family history it's a great huge picture, in the same book there is a picture of my great-great-grandmother who was 3-4 Sioux, and my mom looked a lot like the coloring of a Sioux Indian had kind of the nose of a Sioux Indian, and that's really about all I know. And I'd like to tell one more interesting fact about my grandfather, how they came from January, Arkansas up here to South Dakota, and my grandpa ran for sheriff of the county, and the bet between him and the other guy was that whichever one lost would move out of the state. My grandpa lost and so they moved to South Dakota.