This recording, Ohio 2, is copyright the international dialects of English Archive. Kamer gets a cure, is copyright Douglas N. Onrooff, Jill McCullough and Barbara Summerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry. Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. She was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more general liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. When she put out a plain yellow dress in a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot in mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental so this made her feel sorry for a beautiful bird. Sarah had a different idea. She wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side, and then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, but either five or six times the cost of penicillin. Bay village went to school out there, a great school, and then Lakewood went to high school there and Lakewood, and then I had joined the service after that, and I went everywhere. I was overseas, this is the back of Southeast Asia, Gulf of Tung. I went to Hawaii, Philippines, Australia, Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan. Pretty much saw the whole world, you know, T1, California, Florida, Atlantic coast, Pacific coast. Sales of the seven seas, cross the equator, was a shell bath. That means that you've crossed the equator, if you haven't crossed the equator, it means you're a polywalk. Well, catchphrase is like, when I was young, you know, cool, neat, neat toe. I still try to use that word, I can't catchphrases. Famous little city, you know, the university there. I think it's, I don't know, it's right in like the top two or three universities in the world, and it's got, you know, rich stuff there, it's like, like a hamlet, hamlet dish, um, Kant used to walk there and study there, and they're, they've had some distinguishables that sat in the philosophy chair there, and I think Kant was one of them. Like I said, there's a place there, it's known as Kant's walk because he walked the same time people could set their watch by where Kant was in his morning walk. He was so methodical. You know, you're proud of it, you know, to a little savor to the cheek. And it's a famous dueling-stick, it's a guy now. I, I think I probably knew a one-time exactly why. Why didn't they call it the Munich scar or, you know, something? Now there's a recent 1949 came uh, in the United States and went to Boston, came in at Boston, and then we had family here in Cleveland, so we moved to Cleveland, and at that time we moved around the West 25th Vega area, which would, at that time probably have a lot of, you know, immigrant type people.