This recording, Ohio 3, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas Anoneroff, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you, Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in the deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street town. There was much nearer for her and more to her like, even so, on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in the hurry, then she put on a plain yellow dress and a police jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose beating for her. The woman gave her concern and official letter from the vet, letter implied. The animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which is surprising to her, because normally you would only expect to see it in dogs and or cats. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, come on, come on, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Sorry, I was like, comma, comma, well, comma was strong and huge, so it would take some fortune to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose floor back with her palm, you can see in tune with her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not fuel, and no time the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on to the right side. The Sarah confirmed that that's diagnosis, almost immediately. She remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five to six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Miss Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. Born in Sotomayor and Marietta. I lived, I was born in Marietta, I lived outside of Marietta, I'm on my family's farm, my family's farm has about, you have an own about 2,000 acres outside of Marietta, in small town called Waterford. Yes, I did, I've played football, basketball, and ran track. Here at Kent State, I've been studying criminal justice with a minor of history in a area of study focusing in juvenile justice. I've been cheering here at Kent State for slightly over four years. The University of the Association based on Memphis, Tennessee. I might do a little bit of work within this summer. I don't know, because right now I've got an internship in Washington DC. Right now I've been, I heard back from the ACLU, I've heard back from a corporate law enforcement, investigative unit, Suspin off FBI, and I've also heard back from you at the, so right now I'm just, it's a matter of me deciding where I want to go. A number of paid, it's all volunteer work, it's all part of the internship. The internship requires 16 hours of work within extra two hours, two hours of credit for the American cultural heritage. I'm asked that, which is where you study, different aspects of the DC area. You go to different museums, and you just, you take notes, you keep the journal, and you turn the journal on and you're done.