This recording, Wyoming 3, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Come again, secure is copyright Douglas Enaneroff, Jill McCullough and Barbara Samavill. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who'd been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the letter implied that the animal would be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so it made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, before long that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Comma was strong and huge and it would take some time. It would take some force to strap her. Excuse me to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. Her efforts were not futile. In no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to a comment and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison's a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. My name is, well I guess I'm not supposed to tell you my name. I have two dogs at home that are my pets and I also have two cats. My dogs names are Sissy, but we call her Piglet and the other dog is Shasta, but we call her monkey because she makes sounds like a monkey when she runs around the house. The cats are Stuart and Edgar is his Wyoming and we have a three-level old house that was built about a hundred years ago and it's been owned by several families over the course he's been to many many places over the course of his career we a- because we just built a new garage so there's been a lot of painting