This recording, Alaska II, is copyright the International Dialect of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas N. Honroff, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of a territory. So, she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking, even so on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of pork, porridge, oatmeal, mevia, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and had it for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. A woman gave Sarah, an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental. So, this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like lunatic. It's five and one may be. Where was the lunatic? Which made an unsenitary mess? The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma comma. Which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong in huge. So, it would take some force to trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose, goose's lower back with a palm that's singing a tune to her. Finally, she had ministered ether. Her effort was not futile. In no time the goose began to tie her. So, Sarah was able to hold onto comma and give her a relaxing bath. When Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah wanted that this course of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can imagine paying so much. But Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. Within the village, the village in total has a village several own substance areas. And the eats sit down and extend the family have their peace of the substance use there. Another common, common use areas like when you go after a calm cut, the harvest comes from the same. I think there are two or three areas at the harvest time. But when we talk about the differences in the rules that the use, harvesting fish and game in the villages are not governed by rules of individual rights as it is in the Western society. When you look at the Western society to go out fishing, you have to have license. You have the bag limits that you have to observe so many fish per day. This area closers, people and people still have the classical, epic world view and rules that they go by and it is more communal in nature. There are some super providers. And these neglects sometimes provide like 70% of what is eaten by the whole village. Although this family is that there are super hunters, super providers. And whatever is shared is not paid, you hunt in harvest space, not only for your family but for the extended families and those there are needy. And there are very simple rules that the indigenous people have. Take what you need only, you don't waste, you share what you get. Those are simple but very effective rules. They are like regulations. I mean if you look at, if you do the research, I don't think there's a species here in the rest of that that got threatened or extinct because of substance take. And when you look at such a state and told the tales and comparison to the other youths like commercial or sport, the indigenous values for the most part are still observed in especially white-aid outer area. There wasn't anything to plunder out there during the 18, in the early 1900s. No extractable resources. So kind of solar lining become left that region to this day. Yukik is the standard language that's retained out there is spoken. But you might say there's a paradigm shift in the value system too. Now you're beginning to share mine. That's mine. My own, especially those items that are purchased by cash.