This recording, Alaska 3, is copyright international dialect of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and Onoroff, Jill McCuella and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Therapy was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in dessert district of the territory. So she was happy to start a new job at Cerber, private practice in North Square near Duke Street Tower. That area was much narrower for her and more to her liking. So even so on her first morning she felt stressed to aid a bowl of porridge and check herself in the mirror and washed her face in the hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kid and hid it for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because, normally, you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsenitary miss. The goose's owner, Mrs. Harrison, kept calling. Kamma, Kamma, would Sarah throw with an old choice for a name. Kamma was strong and huge, so it would take much some force to trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered either. Her efforts were not brutal. In no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto Kamma and kept her relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on the right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five, six times across the peninsula. I can imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. At this time of the year, at this season, summer, especially in July, it's time to go to the mountain and pick greens. We picked them by bags and we put them in the barrel. And all kinds of greens we picked from the warf fire we took rose roots. And I don't know what the other greens are, but I know what they are. But this is the season to pick them. We either freeze them for winter, you know, in winter time we make them into a dish that is served specially in special occasions like birthdays or Christmas or, yeah, and they're loaded with vitamin C. Whenever my kids, when they were small, when they have colds in the winter, so I just make a greens, you know, just let them eat and they eat vitamin C. We have a very soup of an hour look and that's so good. It's mixed with flour and sea oil and sugar. Nowadays they mix it with Western oil or any kind of oil. It's so good. You mix the flour first, you know, mix it and cook it and then later on, when the flour is ready to be added with berries, that's the time we add berries.