This recording, Alaska 4, is copyright the International Dialect of English Archive. Come and get to cure, is copyright Douglas N. Honoroff, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's the story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo and a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start her new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Doof Street Tower. The area was much near for her and more to her liking, even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked softened in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and had it for work. Once you got there there was a woman with a goose letting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The lady implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot in mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental. So this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird before long. That itchy goose began to start around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary miss. The goose's owner married her and kept calling calmama kama, which Sarah thought was a not choice for a man. Kama was strong and huge so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with their palm, then singing a tune for her, finally she administered death either. Traffords were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to kama and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to base the goose, she wiped her off with her claws and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed that the vet's diagnosis almost immediately here. She remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much about Miss Harrison and Millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. Simcean tribe, while we covered most of the coastal BC area from Vancouver Island up to Metacala, Alaska and that's basically the only federally recognized in Alaska. It's also known as an island. It's about 17 miles south of Keshken. Well, let's see Simceans that we're actually stands for people of the mist. When we live, you'll see it's this rain country up there. There's a lot of sea fjords up there and all that. Lots of rain. You know, just like the mother, you know, there's tribes up there. Clinkets and hiders who have long houses. We use canoes. We do a lot of fishing. We also do a lot of hunting. That's a deer and elk moose. And every now and then bear. But in essence, that's not really too dangerous nowadays that we just don't do anymore, but we do a lot of fishing, king salmon, halibut crab, shellfish. Not of that.