This recording, Alaska One, is copyright the international dialect of English Archive. Come and get to cure, is copyright Douglas Ann Onroff, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's the story for you, Sarah Perry was a veterinarian, nursing out, been working daily, had an ulcer in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a Sephiroth private practice in large school and there's a deep street tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning, she felt stressed, shade a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in the room. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and they flee strapped it, picked up her kitten at it for work. When she got there, there was a woman as a goose waiting for her. The woman did Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be separate from a rare form of kitten mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see that an adult or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long that each goose began to strike round, the officer gave lunatic which made an unsanitary myth. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison kept calling comma comma, which Sarah thought wasn't odd choice for a name comma was strong and huge, so if you'd take some horse to trapper, that Sarah had a different idea. First you tried gently stroking the goose's low back with her palms and singing me, tuned to her, finally she had ministered in her. Her efforts were not usual, in no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to common in the group. There were excellent beds. When Sarah had managed to base the goose she wiped her off of the cloth and later on the right side, then Sarah confirmed the bedstich most as almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times across the penicillum. I can't imagine pain so much, but Mrs. Harrison, Emily and her lawyer that it was a fair price for the cure. As soon as school was out for putting her over in the boat, leaving Gina. So in the summertime we went to different areas, cap crowns we had one in home shore, we had one in her birth, and out by Alpha Cole, but they had different camps that we went to where we were a bit of barfish. No, we didn't have any in Gina, you know, you're kind of out of it because you can't exist in Gina, because they don't open any of the crooks to us, they don't open any of them. No, by crooks where we can access that long time ago, we were able to get our fish from fish, fish perkin levels, and all of us kids used to just go in and get our fish and go in and then take it home and dry it. But now that's course, Susan, so you're pretty much after I have a boat just to get your food. And then if you don't have a boat, you just follow those people who make it like, my husband and I get our fish from people who live in Clacon, so we enjoyed, I do a lot of beadworks, so I try to do speedwork. So guys, the best fish that you can get, and we usually get it, the whole dried, the semi dried, and we get the whole pack, we'll just like the tuna fish in the gans, and then we'll get the small strip, so it's just the best time you can get this mix for us. So my mouth is starting to water. But yeah, we didn't have that lecture of just being at home, but then we had more fun, I think. So another people because we went to all these different camp areas, and then we went out to different towns, like we used to end up in Clacon for, for it's a July, and we went to Guna a lot, which is where my father comes from. And then in the summertime, we stayed in the icy streets when they had the canry open there. So up in Del I was 13, 14 years old, that's where I grew up at in the summertime. And a lot of berry picking for winter. We used to go into Dendis Bay in the falltime after the ganners and things close and we used to pick what you call me, the little berries that kind of grow off the ground, like strawberries, and they kind of look like salmon berries, but they're where it's real deep red and well, a taste of it's own. You don't, you can't get those in.