This recording, New York 4, is copyright the International Directive English Archive. When the sunlight strikes the raindrops in the air, they act as a prism in former rainbow. The rainbow is a division of white light into many beautiful colors. These take the shape of a long round arch, with its path high above, and its two ends apparently beyond the horizon. There is, according to legend, a brilliant part of gold at one end. People look but no one ever finds it. When a man looks for something beyond his reach, his friend says he is looking for the part of gold at the end of the rainbow. All right, I guess my family is far from what you call mainstream. I mean, my parents got divorced when I was three and I lived in my mom. My parents got divorced when I was about three and my dad moved away and I lived with my mom most of my life. And she and her family is Jewish. And so most of my holiday experience has been of the Jewish sort. But my uncle, my mother's brother married a Sicilian woman. And so I always had the Christmas thing going on too. But one of the most unique things about my family is that every Christmas Eve, my grandparents and my mother and I and some friends of our family will also Jewish. We all go to the Atlantic City to spend Christmas Eve in Atlantic City. And you wouldn't believe it, but there are a lot of people in the Atlantic City on Christmas Eve, but they're old Jewish or Asian. And being the kind of young child that I was back then, I had nothing to do in the Atlantic City because it was all gambling. So I would really be bored there and I had to find all kinds of interesting things to do. And then the next day we drove back down to New Jersey Town Park in the Staten Island, where my uncle and his wife and their two kids lived my cousins. And we would have the traditional Italian Christmas. With half of the people there being Brooklyn Jews and the other half being New Jersey Italian people. So there's a lot of good stories in that respect. Now Italian people spend a lot of time at the table after a meal and there's a lot of talking and yelling and screaming. And a lot of Italian people, they drink espresso and they put this decor in the espresso. It's called San Bucca. And my mother was quite fond of this little after dinner drink. So on several occasions she'd have a little too much of this and there would be arguments in which my mother would start yelling at certain people. And everyone would just laugh at all, but I would feel like a pots. For sitting there next to my mother, who was obviously drunk of all her bean and screaming at the rest of the family. Let's see what else. My cousins. I have two cousins who are a hybrid of that Jewish Italian thing, but they were raised Catholic. My first experience of Catholicism was going to my cousins' first communion. You know, they have to wear the white suits and everything. I'm taking pictures. I've been there's lots of fun until I was never started bleeding all over the white suit. And yeah, that was pretty scary. But he's a really nice kid, very bright. His mother puts a lot of pressure on him because she wants him to be a doctor. And I don't understand that myself, but she puts a really such a nice kid. My other cousin was a girl and she's just a brat. They give her everything she wants and she's going to grow up to be one of those girls. My boyfriend and he will take me to a mom. I need to go to a mom. I need to go. So, you know, you live in Staten Island. All you do is go to the mom. Two to the mom of the dump. That's all there really is in Staten Island. A couple of, you know, middle income houses. I don't know. I grew up in the part of Brooklyn where I did. I didn't really have many friends who lived around where I did. Because I went to school so far, some were actually lived. But, um, all my friends were from Brooklyn, but from different parts. And, um, we would spend a lot of time hanging out together on the weekends because we all went to dance class together. And I would say it was during that period of my life that I spent a good four hours a weekend on the subway. And the subway is a very interesting place because so many different kinds of people are thrust into an environment that nobody feels comfortable in. And you kind of have some kind of camaraderie when, you know, when the train just stops in the middle of the track and, you know, you know, 15 minutes of delays where you're sitting there and pitch black, sitting next to someone who smells like something you have no idea. But, uh, yeah, we would get into a lot of trouble because we were very loud and loud on the trains and we, uh, we had our dance classes near Lincoln Center. And, uh, they're pretty bunch of straight people looking on the train at Lincoln Center, you know, and we're going into Brooklyn. So, we'd make a lot of noise and people would clear out the car usually and it was, it was pretty rough.