This recording, New York 22, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas N. Arroth, Gilmour Colour, and Barber Summerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. She was very happy to start a new job to superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, check herself in the mirror and wash her face in my hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. Once she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease. Which was surprising because normally it would only expect a seat in the dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental. So this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to shred around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong in huge so it takes some force to trap her. Apparently she had administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold onto comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off the cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah could from the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that the scores of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine pink soon, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, I thought it was a fair price for a cure. I always say that I'm from everywhere in work everywhere else. I was born to a Zennilot, my parents spent a Zennnnn ferry, so that makes sense. Shortly after we moved to Tokyo, Japan or I lived for eight years, then we moved to Rome, New York, big change. We moved there for the next eight years, and then my dad and I moved to Texas, which spent a couple of years there, then we could Brooklyn. I spent pretty much all my dull life there, until now, where I live in Buffalo, I've been here for about a year. We're gonna go back, though. Let's say Brooklyn's my home. Feels natural there.