This recording, Connecticut 4, is copyright the international dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas N. Onoroff, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her, and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning she felt stressed. She had a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to stretch around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, Kama, Kama, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Kama was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to Kama and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wept her off of the cloth and laid her on a right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penisellin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for the cure. So I was born, raised, and grew up in Hartford, Connecticut. My mother was from Hartford, Connecticut. My father was from Springfield, Massachusetts, but he moved here when he was 35. And lived here to almost 89. I went to author school here. I graduated weaver high school, and I went to dental hygiene school for two years in Boston. I came home to Hartford, went to work, got married, state of, my mother's family had been here a long time. My grandfather, her father, was the first independent milk man in Hartford. And her brother, one of her brothers, worked with him. They used to go to the farm, get the milk, bring it back to their backyard where they had a shed bigger than a shed. But, plant, and they pasteurized it, put it bottles, and then he'd go out and deliver it. I actually was an elective public office for 18 years. I did eight years on my school board, the Bloomfield Board of Education, and ten years in the Connecticut General Assembly, where he ran for reelection every two years. I was the co-chair of the Education Committee for four years. I was the deputy majority leader for two years. I was in addition to the legislative committees. I just have to be there at the right time. So I was on a number of national boards. I was at one point the chair in 1991 of the Women's Network of the National Conference of State Legislatures. So there were 1500 elected women reps in the United States. We developed policy papers for model legislation in states. We did leadership training. We tried to move the male dominated organizational structure of NCSL toward more human services kinds of issues. We were succeeding.