This recording, Connecticut 6, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Jule McCullough and Bob or some of them. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veteran airing nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning she felt stressed, shade a bowl of porridge, check herself in the mirror, and wash your face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress in a fleece jacket, picked up her kit, and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the bat. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long that itchy goose began to stretch around the off, it was like a lunatic which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for her name. Comma was strong and huge, so it takes him for her to trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. Finally she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm than singing attuned to her. Finally, she administered her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah continued to confirm to the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times across Japan, I can't imagine paying so much, but Miss Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. It's very rural. There's no diversity. It's always, I think there were maybe two African Americans at my graduating class. Peaceful. It's just wasn't on the day there. I moved to Naya, New York for college. It's a cross-finish happens to be bridge, and it's primarily a missionary college. It's incredibly diverse, so they have lots of people coming from different parts of the world that are during missions and preparing to do missions. And it is through a CMA, our Christian missionary lens. It was primarily intercultural studies and we're going to study the apartheid and the truth and forgiveness reconciliation and kind of from a faith-based perspective. It was amazing that people were definitely the best part, like the landscape to gorgeous, getting to know people are really, really friendly, very hospitable, and you can just sort of sit and talk with them for, forever, really, they'll invite you in and feed you, and you know, it's really fun. You hear the testimony, so the things that happen to people, and you're like, I don't know if I could do that. You know, like, I'm a Christian, I believe, and the things Jesus taught, and I believe that he was God, and still, I'm like, oh, I don't know. You know, I don't know about that one more, so I'm preparing to teach English literature, and oh, my goodness, I love to read since I was little, so I'm really excited and passionate about that. I have three younger siblings and two adopted 18-year-old brothers, and it's always a full house, and I'm always having the opportunity to sit and read to them, and I love that, you know, picking good stories, and having everybody sort of on the edge of their chair, waiting for you to you know, share your work with stretch and it's going in. So.