This recording, Connecticut 3, is copyrighted the international dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright dunkless and on-rough, Gil McCullough, and the Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. A Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress, and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and cuff disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Common was strong and huge, so it would take some force to travel, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remarried that she remembered, and effective treatment required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine pain so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. Okay, I was born in Hardford, Connecticut and until age four we lived in a three family on Kent Street in Hardford, Connecticut, and when I was four years old, we moved to West Hardford, where I attended elementary school, then walking distance in my home, and then junior high school also, and walking are bike difference for my home. And thereafter, the old William H. Hall High School in West Hardford Center, which was more difficult to get to. I can't remember how I got there before I had used some motor vehicle. I can't remember whether I walked to a road of biker, frankly. When the Dartmouth College, Indiana over New Hampshire, I went to Columbia Law School in New York City, and then after three years and after that to NYU graduate school of law, where I got an LL, I had an taxation, then I came back to Hardford to practice law. My family's always lived in Connecticut into the best. Now I'll take that back. My father was born in Philadelphia and when he married my mother, who was a Connecticut lady from an immigrant family, she lived her younger days, she lived on a plantation, a tobacco plantation, in the Wellington Vernon area of Connecticut. And then she and my father married, they lived in Hardford as I say on cancery. Yeah, rest of my father's family are always filled off of your people. They always spoke with a pronounced Philadelphia accent. My father, however, I never heard any accent it did in him at all. To my ear, it never sounded as if he had a Philadelphia accent. What's it up for?