This recording, Connecticut 8, is copyright the international dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas N. Onreth, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at Nolzoo and a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She had a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in her hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kitten headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose, sweating for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm. Then singing attuned to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile, in no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off of the cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis, almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. I grew up in Stanford, Connecticut, which is in Fairfield County, very close to New York. I attended private school until I was an eighth grade and then switched over to public school for college. I attended Duke University in North Carolina before then moving back to New York City where I worked as an engineer for a defense contractor for five years. I am now currently married and living in Astoria, Queens, where I've been for the past eight years. I work in energy, helping state agencies reduce their energy consumption. I've been interested in accents for a long time ever since watching Austin Powers, the movie, and seeing a terrible or overacted British accent done by Mike Myers. And so I've been really interested in dialects since then. Unfortunately, I'm not very good at doing them. I do like to watch some YouTube videos like Eric Singer, who does tours of different accents and actors and helping them do their accents. But I've never really done any classes or anything like that myself. I also learned how to speak Spanish in school and have found that my ability to kind of mimic some of the Spanish accents has helped my pronunciation. And so even if you're not acting or trying to do accents, I feel like learning some of the key elements of an accent might help with things like pronunciation or foreign languages.