This recording, District of Columbia 3, is copyright the International Dialect of Injusharkaif. Comea gets a cure, it is copyright Douglas N. Anarath, Gilma Kala, and Barber Summerville. Comea gets a cure. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Squat. Near the Duke's three towers. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the near and washed her face and heard. This put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket packed up her kit and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman she gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of flitting mouth disease which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental. So this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long the itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic. Which made an unsentery mess. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling. Kamama Kamama which Sarah thought was an odd choice for name. Kamama was strong and huge. So it would take some force to track her. But Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm then singing a tune to her. Finally she administered either. Her efforts were not futile. In no time the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold on to Kamama and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times to cost. I can't imagine paying so much. But Miss Harrison amuging in lawyer. I thought it was a fair price for the cure. Well you know, growing up here in DC was something else I can say. You'd be surprised I guess to be not from DC and to know that this city was very segregated. Like white people stayed where white people stayed and black people stayed and we were also majority of the city. Hence the nickname chocolate city which it is in anymore because it's majority 50% white. You know, gentrification. It has rapidly ravaged the city displaced people torn apart families increased homelessness. It's just been a crazy ride in the last 20 years watching DC change. Now change is not a bad thing. Change is needed but at what cost, you know, when it comes to like for example I'm the only African American family left on my blog. So you know to see these things happen is it can be quite traumatic, you know. But you have to keep going and I mean life does go on and you know it's sad because it goes on without people that you know you come accustomed to being with or being a high-owned grown-up with you know used to sing. I'm ready. I feel like the world is my oyster right now because as you know I'm leaving my job and I'm stepping out into unfamiliar territory and I'm going to spray my wings and hopefully soar like an eagle. It's going to be hard but hey it's going to work