This recording, District of Columbia 2, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and Honoref, Gil McCuller, and Barbara Somerville. Here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district with its territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square to do streets tower. That year was much near for her and more like more to her liking. Even though on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her knit and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot in mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, the itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling. Kama Kama, which Sarah thought was an old choice for a name. Kama was strong and huge so who would make some forced to trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm. Then singing a tune to her, finally she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile and no time the goose began to tire. A millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. Me and him were both Pisces. He's literally born 15 days after me and then Mom, because of her she's like, you stop arguing with your brother. He's too. This is nonsense. What are you doing? He barely understands you. My hair and he's out of reach so I can't reach him. So eventually I go with the very safe option which is just screaming for help. Then I went to the house and I was going to tell my mom and her house.