This recording can tucky eight. Is copyright the international dialects of English Archive? Comea gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor off, Jill MacKala and Barbara Somerville. Well here's a story for you. Sarah was a nurse who had been working in the newest area of the territory. She was very happy to start another new job. This time in the North Square near Duke Street Tower. On her first morning she washed her face, put on a plain white dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah a letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal was suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the bird. The goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mass. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, Kamma Kamma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a nine. Kamma was strong and huge, so it would tug some force to trap her, but Sarah managed by gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm and singing to her. Her efforts were futile. Very soon Kamma began to tire and Sarah gave her a relaxing bath, washed her, and later on a cloth for diagnosis. Almost immediately, Sarah remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. The treatment was very expensive, but Missress Harrison, millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. A jack of all trades would be the best way to describe it. The official title is Compliance and Marketing Officer for a small community bank.. And then to get a little more on the creative side, I do the marketing for the bank, which involves the advertising as well as new product promotions, which have had a lot of fun with that over the years. And again, to create a desire in me to see all 50 states, but being a political science major and enjoying government and having worked in Washington DC for a summer, it created a desire not only to see all 50 states, but also to see all 50 state capital buildings, Supreme Court buildings, if they were separate from the capital building as well as the governor's mansions. And it has really been a real blessing over the years the halfway mark having finished touring the 25th capital,