This recording, New Hampshire 2, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. When the sunlight strikes rain drops in the air, they act as a prism and former rainbow. The rainbow is a division of white light into many beautiful colors. These take the shape of a long round arch with its path high above, and it's too ends apparently beyond the horizon. There is, according to legend, a boiling pot of gold, one end. People look but no one ever finds it. When a man looks for something beyond his reach, his friends say he is looking for the pot at the end of the rainbow. Throughout the centuries, people have explained the rainbow in various ways. Some have accepted it as a miracle without physical explanation. To the Hebrews, it was a token that there would be no more universal floods. The Greeks used to imagine that it was a sign from the gods to Fortel War or heavy rain. The horseman considered the rainbow as a bridge over which the gods passed from earth to their home in the sky. Others have tried to explain the phenomenon physically. Aristotle thought that the rainbow was caused by reflection of the sun's rays by the rain. Since then, physicists have found that it is not reflection, but refraction by the rain drops which causes the rainbows. Many complicated ideas about the rainbow have been formed. The difference in the rainbow depends considerably upon the size of the drops and the width of the colored band increases as size of the drops increases. The actual primary rainbows served is said to be the effect of superimposition of a number of bows. If the red of the second bow falls upon the green of the first, the result is to kiffle bow with an abnormally abnormally wide yellow band. This is a very common type of bow. One showing mainly red and yellow with little or no green or blue. I have been here for almost 20 years. I have two teenage daughters which is one of the most trying things I have ever tried to do live and survive in this atmosphere. I have been here for five and six years. I have been here for five years. I love sports. I have been here for five years. I have been here for five years.