This recording, New Mexico 4, is Copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is Copyright Douglas Anonrof, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Oh, here's the story for you. Sarah Perry had a vet, and your inners who had been working daily at an old zoo in a desert district of that territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a separate private practice in North Square. There was a two-street tower that area was much nearer for her and more to her. I came in on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in a mirror, and washed her face in the hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a linked jacket picked up her kid and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter for the vet, the lettering pal, that animal could be suffering from a rare form of food in North distress, which was rising, because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long that, each goose began to run around the office like a pig, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose owner, Mary Harrison kept calling, come on, come on, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Come on, I was strong and huge. So it was like some force to trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried to gently token the goose lower back with her palm and sending it to her her front. She mistreated either her effort or not feel in no time that was began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold on to come on and give her a relaxing bath. I went out to Arizona because my brother was sick last year, and I almost spent the whole nine months out there. So my sister-in-law, she's like I told you she's from Germany, or anyway, she has a saw, a scroll saw. And she sent for this pattern, so I was trying to use her saw with her and learn how to make those. And I just made the picture for him, and she made some other stuff besides that. These are clean-up boxes, where you put a clean-up box in here. And then this is your rod, this is for your rod. Well, whatever you want to put in here, cotton balls, or pencils, or papers, or these. Where those nails are, you put it together with nails. And glue it on. Yeah, just cut that part right there, and then you just glue it on like, oh, but it was kind of hard. It was kind of hard working on those.