This recording, Delaware 1, is copyright the international dialects of English archived. Kamaga Tsukur is copyright Douglas Enanrov, Gilmah Kala and Bobber Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian who had been working daily in Old Zoo and deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and marked to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stress. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and watered face in her area. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting poor. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from Nevada. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this major fuel star for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, Kamakama, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Kamal was strong and huge, so it would take some force to travel, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroke in the goose's lower back with her palm, then saying a tune to her. Finally, she had ministered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to Kamak and give her a relaxing bed. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off of the cloth and later on a right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times across a penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for her cure. Christmas just passed. I spent it mostly alone, and my birthday is coming up soon. It's on January 5th. I plan on going ice skating with friends from work and just my regular friends. It's the first time I'm having a birthday celebration that I'm not getting just drunk as an adult. I haven't been ice skating since around middle school. It was something that we did every weekend when I was going to school. I just figured, now that I'm getting older, it would be fun to maybe do that again. And you know, enjoy my life while I can. I'm still fairly young. I'm submitting my voice here because I didn't see any under the Delaware section and I live in Delaware my entire life. Until actually a month ago where I moved to Pennsylvania, but I've been in Delaware about 34 years and this is what my voice sounds like. I've just lived a normal life. Nothing too crazy.