This recording, Colorado 6, is copyright the international dialects of English Archive. Come and get to cure is copyright Douglas Enaneroff, Jill MacKilla and Barbara Somerville. Well here's the story for you. Sarah Prairie was a veterinarian. Nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo and a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job. And a super private practice in North Square in your duke street tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a boulevard, checked herself in her mirror and lost her face. Facing her hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket. Picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of a foot and mouth of these, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a go. Sarah was sentimental so that made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Long before or before long the H2 booth began to start around the office like a lunatic. Which made an unsanitary mess. The booths owner Mary Harrison kept calling calm a calm which. Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Calm was strong and huge. She was jokingly with her father. And then she went back to her. Her efforts were not for you. In no time the goose began to tire. Sarah was able to hold onto Koma and give her a relaxing bat. Once Sarah managed to be the good she wiped her off with the cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed that the vet's diagnosis almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure. Out a lot of medicine Sarah said Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times because of passive treatment. I can't imagine paying so much to put in a satiris. I'm really nervous. I thought it was a fair price for her. So I was born in Denver and my grandparents over there. So I moved here when I was going into sixth grade. So probably I was about 12 and I hated it and I cried a lot a lot a lot. But then I actually really fell in love with it. And I'm really glad that we moved here. And it's fine because a lot of people will have this insertive to hate it so much and there's nothing to do. And we all go to the bowling alley a lot and a lot of times we don't really use a bowl. And there's really bad where this swimming pool is like the biggest thing to do. I really go into this swimming pool. But then we all along board down mainstream. It's just hanging out at people's houses. It's definitely a lot different than big anywhere.