This recording, Colorado 5, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comic gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor off Jill Mackella and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit, and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gives Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot-and-mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see in a dog or a goat. Sarah was a bit sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. A strong and huge, it would take some force to trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered either. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once, off with a cloth and laid her on the right side, then Sarah confirmed that that's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire, a lot lawyer, but it was a fair price for a cure. I was born in Florence, Colorado, ready courses and helping the native fields in the summer. I showed pigs in my arms and my horse too. I loved that. I was showed horses in rodeo, did barrels, and the different things like that. So that was a lot of fun. Growing up, that was pretty much in rodeo, and all that. That was really the best time of the year when I look forward to all your. Then of course, we'd sell our animals and make a little money, and then we'd go to Poblo and shop and go to the state fair at Poblo. That was a big treat every year to do that. I still love to do that and take my kids there. That's fun. My daughter's school here and graduated here and then went to Denver, and so I actually went to school in Gree, and then went to Denver. And it really loved my time in Denver too, and it was almost over 15 years, and my husband was at Denver Police Officer, and we just loved it. They were kind of put the far away from the farm side of it, aside for a few years, and then when our kids got to be old enough that you don't feel like I really like for them to have the same kind of experience that I had growing up here, and so we went back seven years ago, and no my kids are doing for each and doing all that and enjoying the mountains and like to really don't get to campus, much as we'd like to, but you know, look at the mountains anyway. It seems like people that don't live here actually are up in the mountains and enjoying them more than the people that are here. But plan on trying to get up there a little bit more this summer.