This recording Colorado 4 is copyright the international dialect of English archive. Comma gets a cure is copyright Douglas and honor of Jill Mackella and Barbara Somerville. Well here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old stew in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face and hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long that itchy goose began to straight around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling comma comma which Sarah that was an old an odd choice for a name. comma was strong and huge so it would take some force to trap her but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lure back with her palm then singing a tune to her. Finally she administered. Ether her efforts were not futile and no time the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose she wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this could course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times a cost of penisellin. I can't imagine pain so much but Mrs. Harrison a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. I was born in Kansas City during that time my folks had sheep so my dad didn't get down to the hospital to see me for quite a while. So every year on my birthday we were class I went to school in Westcliffe from we didn't have kindergarten but first grade through kids live with me and my mom she went they boy to coat he just graduated this year things have changed some around here but really it doesn't seem to grow a lot there's a lot of new people growing up we knew everyone and now we don't but it still doesn't seem like it's growing probably in the mountains around but the city's Westcliffe still stays the same.