The following recording, Alabama 7, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Come and get secure, is copyright, Douglas and Onoroff, Jill McCullough, and Barbysson Bill. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah was a nurse who had been working in the newest area of the territory. She was very happy to start another new job this time in North Square in the Duke Street Tower. On her first morning, she watched her face put on a plane-wide dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for. The woman gave Sarah a letter from the vet and the letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a goat. When Sarah was sent a sentimental, so this matter fell sorry for the bird. The goose began to start her on the office like a lunatic which made an unsanitary mess. The goose is on her merry hair and kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name, comma was strong and huge, so it took some force to trap her. But Sarah managed to gently start the goose's lower back with her palm and singing to her. Her efforts were not futile. Very soon, comma began to tire and Sarah gave her a relaxing bath. Last hair and lighter on the cloth for a diagnosis. Almost immediately, Sarah remembered an effective treatment. They required her to measure out a lot of medicine. The treatment was very expensive, but Miss Harrison, a military, in air law, your thought it was a fair price for a cure. I was born in Columbus, Georgia, but I've always lived here in Auburn. I like to go hunting, fishing, playing sports, anything that you can do outside. I like to drive trucks in the country, look at all the animals. I like to watch birds and squirrels play with each other. Squirrels chase and each other pretty funny. Basketball, I like to play not too good at everybody beats me. I like play football because I like to hit people and it's fun. Baseball, I play because I'm pretty good at it. I play center field. My mom was born in Herzberg, so she's a farm girl and we do everything down there on the weekend. My dad was from Columbus. He was in the Marines and so he's tough on me a lot. I like to go to school sometimes, just to see my friends and talk. Teachers get on my nerves. I like pretty good grades sometimes. I like science because I want to be a vet. I like dogs and cats and pretty much any animal. Except snakes, snakes are a little annoying. Rats are kind of cute sometimes, they're not too big in fat. I don't really read that much, it's not too fun sometimes. I like to watch movies about football, wars, pretty much anything that I can do laying down. I like to eat. I like being down south because we have all that good food, fried stuff, fried pork chops, lunch, your hand out, green beans, anything that you can get on a farm, I pretty much like. I like to go down to Herzberg and jump on trampolines, play basketball, do nothing, that's fun. I like to play baseball with my cousins because I have a little cousin and we're teaching him how to play baseball. He's actually pretty good at it for a six year old. He heard his knee a little while back, so we had to carry him around everywhere, but he's better now. My grandfather dad when I was in the second grade and last year my grandmother died. One of my grandfather's dad before I was born, but I still have a grandmother living. Now I like to go visit her. She makes good cookies. My aunt's house is in Herzberg. I like to go there because she's always got food and like an eating time. And we won't Columbus, I like to go shopping with my family. My sister's a little annoying, but you have to be nice to her because she drops. We fight all the time. I like making money, making money is fun. Get to go buy stuff, expensive things, everything is cool. Baseball and playing this year, I have a nice time. I like to get free food, do free food anywhere you can get it.