The following recording, Alabama 8, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comea gets a cure, is copyright, Douglas and honor off, Jill McCullough and Barbara Summerville. Where here's a stir for you. Sarah was a nurse who had been working in the newest area of the territory. She was very happy to start another new job. This time in North Square near the Duke Street town. On her first morning, she watched her face. Put on a plane, white dress, and a police jacket, picked up her kit and hit it for work. When she got there, that was a woman with a goose standing waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah a letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal should be suffering from a rail, bomb, a foot, and mouth disease. Which was surprising because normally you will only expect to see it in an adult. Sarah was sent to me on, so this made her feel sorry for the booze. The goose began to stutter around me, all of his like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary miss. The goose owned. Mary Harrison kept calling, Comea Comea. When Sarah thought that was an odd choice for a name, Comea was strong and huge. So it took some first trap her. But Sarah managed by a gentleman, stroking the goose a little bit with her palm and singing to her. Her effort was not firm. Very soon, Comea began to tear and Sarah gave her a relaxing bath. Washed her and lay her on a call for that nust. Also immediately, Sarah remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure a lot of medicine. The treatment was very expensive, but Miss Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a key. I was born in Albany, Alabama, and raised in Albany, Alabama. I was a family of 11. Fun. We didn't go out very much. I had a strict family. And church, well, such as churches and things like that. That was what we went to for fun. School was good. And I didn't have any problems in school. Okay. As I grew older, well, my was raised by my grandmother and my aunt. And as I grew older, I married at four sons. And I raised that day on my lawn. And it was very hard. And for social therapy and was being around, being home and having fun with them. And I worked. And we had fun just sitting around. They haven't been talking together. Didn't go out there. Raised my sons, but I lived with my aunt until I was born. My youngest was seven years old. Then I moved out on my own. And we lived in the projects. And I worked at a laundry to support them. And they were various rebours. I didn't have no problem getting into trouble or anything. So we lived a pretty normal life together. It was hard. Raising whole kids by alone. But I did the best I could. Everything turned out fine. Yeah. Well, kids are very different now. Because they have this rule you can't, you can't, you know, discipline. So that's fair, huh? For me. Because I'm used to when I child this obey. Not putting them in the corner. Or time out. I, you know, I believe in, you know, lightly, spanking. Not to hurt, not to put marks or anything on them. And I think that was the best way because now I can't think they can get by with anything. Because they know you can't do anything about it. But set them in the corner on the last few minutes. So that's it. And kids of the day are so different when I was raising my kids. Because they don't seem to have, to realize that they're, this is our lives. And they've got to be responsible.