This recording, Alabama 4, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Come and get secure, is copyright Douglas N. Honroff, Jill McCuella, and Barbara Somerville. Sarah was a nurse who had been working in the newest area of the territory. She was very happy to start another new job. This time in North Square, near the Duke-Speak Tower. On her first morning, she watched her face, put on a plain white dress and a police jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, that was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah a letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would expect to see it in a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the bird. The goose began to spread around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling. Come on, come on. Which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Come on was strong and huge, so it took some force to trap her. By Sarah managed by gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm and singing to her. Her efforts were not brutal, very soon come up again to Tyre and Sarah gave her a relaxed and bad wise turret and later on a cloth for diagnosis. Almost immediately, Sarah remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. The treatment was very expensive, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. My dad preached to us about the importance of school and plenty of days I didn't want to go because I didn't have things like the other kids had. Everything was made, which my mother was a synchrist, synchrist. She made everything we wore with the exception of shoes. You had two pair shoes, one for church, one for school. Then the minute you got home, you changed that set of clothing and your shoes and you went to work. After all that work and getting the kids fed, you do your dishes and you had two little hands, carers and little hands. We would clear the big table in the kitchen and everybody sat around and got there, a homework there and this was an everyday thing. And I was kind of slow when it came to math, but I had a brother that was a whiz. We would do all of his English and help him and he would help us with the math. He wanted to fix the math just on paper and you take the school and turn it in. But when you ask questions why this is here to that power especially in algebra? He called you dumb and then that would start a big fight and then the mother would pick up the game of marbles from outside which he would eager to go and play. So this went on finally when it got to high school, that was really hard because I had to have money for this and money for that and which we did not have. It took you from months to save up for a classroom, you know, but we did it. So everybody had to got eager to leave because things this was before integration and the older you got, the more you were picked on going through town and passing through the fight neighborhood. So we had to change our route going back and forth to school.