The following recording, Alabama 11, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comic gets a cure, is copyright, Douglas and honor of Barbara Somerville and Jill McCullough. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily on OZU and a deserted district of the territory. She was very happy to start a new job at a suburb, private practice in North Square and either to do street tower. The area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She had a boat porridge. Check this out from the mirror and watch her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket. Picked up her kit and hit her for work. When she got there, there was a one with a goose waiting for her. The one we gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffered from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising, because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sent to mental, but this may her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. But for a long, itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic. Which made an unsentitary mess. The goose is on her. Mary Harrison kept calling coma. coma. Which Sarah thought was an odd choice for her name. Cumb was strong and huge. So it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm. Then singing a tune to her. Violent she administered. After her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold on to coma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with the cloth and lay her on a right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure. There required her to measure a lot of medicine. Sarah wanted this course of treatment. It might be as expensive. Either five or six times to cost up in a cylinder. I can't imagine paying some much, but Miss Harrison. I'll be in there in a lawyer. That was a fair price for a cure. Um, was born in Montgomery, Alabama. Raised in the suburbs of Montgomery County about 25 minutes from the city limits. One thing I can recall from my childhood was going to visit my friend. It was probably two days after the new years. And I was probably around ten years old. And we were playing with fireworks. Well, some kind of way, I lit my fireworks and it landed in the field across the road. Which started this mess of fire because the field was so dry. And I just stood there and shot quite everyone was running around me with buckets of water trying to put the fire out. And it was one of those pivotal moments in my childhood that at the time didn't seem funny at all. But now people joke about it all the time. But yeah, it's definitely definitely one of those things from your childhood that you would never forget.