Alabama 13 is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure is copyright, Douglas and Honorov, Jill McCullough and Barbara Summerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo and a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at its superior private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning, she fell stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed forward. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for. The woman gave Sarah and official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental. So this made her feel sorry for the beautiful barrier. Before long, that itchy goose began to strip around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's own American Harrison kept calling, comma, comma. With Sarah thought it wasn't old choice for a name, comma was strong in huge, so it worked. So it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried generally stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her, finally she administered either. Her efforts were not futile and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then said I confirmed the bitch that I knew nothing, nothing else. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out in a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison and me and that lawyer, all they was in fact, I'm from Kusa County, but I was originally born in Birmingham, Alabama. I don't remember which hospital I think it was Cooper Green, but I spent like 15 years in Kusa County and like about five to six years in Birmingham. My parents are from Birmingham originally. My mom and she was born in Detroit, but my dad and he's born and raised from Birmingham. My father and my mother about 26 to three years older than me and they stayed in Montgomery for about three years and then they moved back to Birmingham when they had me and my parents both of them graduated high school. My father, he played football in high school and my mother, she was in the band. I think she was like a drum major or something, but my father had a chance to play college football, but he didn't really have anybody like to talk to him and teach him right from wrong because his mother passed when he was about 10. So he ended up just taking construction work and my mother, she graduated high school and she also was a, and she also her mother also passed when she was really young. I don't know what age she was, but her mother passed and her father, he married another woman and that woman, she raised my mother and her other siblings. I played sports in high school. I went to a Cousin County Central, Central Cousin, it's near L.X. City and I played football in basketball for four years and I won a championship when I was in 10th grade and I won another state championship when I was in the 11th grade and my 12th grade year I heard my knee when I went to a basketball camp so I wasn't able to perform the way I wanted to perform so that could get colleges to look at me and regardless of playing college basketball so I ended up going to Alabama State University in my first year college and I really didn't like it so so I transferred to Auburn and I tried out for the basketball team and I didn't make it in my first try out but I tried out the following year and I made the team on the plate like a half a year because my girlfriend at the time she had got pregnant with my son so I quit and I started back working. I worked at Walmart before I started playing so I just went back there. I worked in produce and me and my wife we had a son and I decided I wanted to join the military so I did I joined the Air Force National Guard because I needed the extra money and I needed the benefits so I could support my family my new family and I really wanted to play basketball because all my life I loved basketball I watched every basketball game came on on a weekend week day I watched it and my father he bought me and my brother a basketball goal and set it out in the yard but he was kind of me and to us so when he was setting it up he wanted us to help but we were about eight to twelve at the time and we really didn't we really didn't care about number playing so we were in serious so he used the holiday a lot I believe he was kind of stressed because he worked two jobs and my mother she really didn't work so I believe he was kind of stressed because he worked like the overnight shift and then he had to get up in the morning where he had to get all work in the morning and go work at a and the trailer part he fixed on trailers so we didn't really get to spend that much time with my father because he was mainly sleep during the day and we got home from school he was he was going to work well he was asleep but now that I've grown up and had a chance to talk to my father like I understood his struggle and I understand we was going through just take care of his family and I respect that and also I want to try and do that for my son but also I want to be there for him and try to give him the things that I didn't have growing up as a child