Alabama 12 is copyright, the International Dialects of English Archive. Comea gets a cure, is copyright, Douglas N. Honorov, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veteran nary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of a territory. She was very happy to start a new job but is a per-private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning she felt stress. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kid and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which is surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was in the tunnel, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Common was strong and he, so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune for her. Finally she had missed administered ether. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this goose of this course of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for it here. Well growing up in Birmingham, I was often picked on a lot because of the way that I spoke. Several of my peers would say that Jamie Sound White, or you know, you speak to proper white and you don't use any slang or anything and it always bothers me. I was like, what is sounding black? My mom always saw me, you know, just speak, proper English and that's what I did. I think a good portion, I worked to kind of get rid of my regionalism because I kind of knew that I would like to either be an actor or be a news and you know, you really don't, you shouldn't have a southern draw, you know, when you speak, so I just had to, I tried to my best to get rid of that. So that's, I guess that's one of the attributing factors to why I speak this way. Guess not on college, people tend to commend me on it, so it's, I don't get picked on about it anymore. So that's just,