This recording, Alabama 14, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian, veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much deer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on the plain yellow dress and a place jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental. So this matter feels sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long that itchy goose began to spread around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma comma. With Sarah thought it was an odd choice for a name, comma was strong and huge so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. Hershey tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile in no time the goose began to tire so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and gave her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment. They required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. I was born in a farm in Madison County, Alabama, a place called Elwood. It's about two miles from the Tennessee border and the largest town around was about 15 miles away and that was Huntsville, Madison County. I am used to play in the watermelon patch and in the orchard and I had a pit-pig at one point and I would watch hoggilling time in November and I remember how sad it was when they killed my little pig that had grown up for self-smeed and bacon and ham that hung in the smokehouse. My sister and I, my sister, Joyce and I, she was two years younger, we were something to keep up with. We once went to the watermelon patch and broke 50 watermelon looking for the best ripe watermelon and then our grandfather chased us with a razor strap and we hid in the smokehouse. We're all the hams we're hanging. We played games like rover past the ball over and whip lash and we played under the big oak trees and we sat, we swung in the big swing on the porch and when the cotton was picked our grandpa would allow us to ride on the wagon on top of the cotton to go to the cotton mail and we would pass the sugar cane field and he would stop and break a sugar cane and give it to us and we would chew on that and get the sweetness out on the way to the cotton mail.