This recording, Alabama 6, is copyright the international dialects of things to Shanghai. Comic gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and Honouroff, Jill McCullough and Bob are some of them. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah wasn't there so I've been working in the newest area of the territory. She was very happy to start a new job. This time in the North Square, know the Duke Street Tower. On her first morning, she washed her face to put on a plain white dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. Once she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah a letter from the vet. And the letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot in the mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a goat. Sarah was sentimental so this made her feel sorry for the bird. The goose begins to strut around the office like a lunatic. This made an unsenitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept going, comma comma, which Sarah thought was an old choice for her name. Cull was a strong and huge, so it took some force to trap her. But Sarah managed by gently striking the goose's lure back with her palm and singing to her. Her efforts were not fetal. Very soon, comma began to tire. And Sarah gave her her relaxing bath, washer, and later on a cloth for diagnosis. I'm most immediately Sarah remembered, an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. The treatment was very expensive, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. I was born in a farm near Elberto, Alabama, which was an Elberto, Alabama, a ball in county, which is in a lower Alabama by golf shores, Alabama. I was born in 1981 in a rather large hospital about 30 miles down the road. My parents, my parents were raised. My mother was raised on a farm all her life. Her parents were both farmers that had anywhere from skunks, chickens, geese, geese, cows, any kind of animal you could ever think of for too much. It's a real small town, probably less than 1,000 people. It's actually a German town, which our family has no German in it, or from Romania. About 200, 200, 300 years ago. The biggest near city is probably an hour, hour and a half away, which is no bill. It's a real big port city. I love about 10 miles from the beach. The beach of golf shores of Gotham, Mexico, real sandy beaches. We have obviously lots of tourists come down there and enjoy our beaches. My parents spent in high school. They've intent to grade. They've always been together. They went to college together and pretty much always love each other. Growing up, I always liked to hunt and fish for my dad. We always went fishing out in the golf or fishing in the Bayes or rivers. Hunting was probably my favorite thing. Me and my dad did all the time. He showed me how to shoot a gun when I was really little. I'm pretty much we bonded just through hunting and fishing. And eventually, recently, he started to racing cars, which he racing a dirt track, which is about a quarter of a mile. It's a lot of fun, but now some in college, I don't ever get to see him. Growing up in high school, middle school in elementary school, graduated in high school, about 280. The whole high school was had about 2000 people in it. Made a lot of friends. Basically, I'm just from a real small town in Alabama or Southern hospitality. It's just a great thing that we always like to have.