This recording, Tennessee 10, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comic gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and Onroff, Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's the story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in the deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square, near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in the hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally she would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to straight around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently, stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, and had managed to bathe the goose. She wiped her off with the cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of hinders in the building. At the hospital out in the hospital, in Nashville, I grew up in Jolton. It's kind of the country area, part of Nashville. Very rural. We had no neighbors. We were never playing. I guess I had two little nieces in a nephew that I loved to play with all the time. They have this wheel, an elephant, a shell. It comes to visit them at Thanksgiving, and he does little mischievous things. He's also saying this little helper, so he will report to say how good the child has been. He likes to hang from the ceiling fan. He has hung from light fixtures. He has rolled the Christmas tree before. He has made snow angels out of flower on the countertop in the kitchen. We always just kind of make a little fun thing for the kids about it. Once a week, you'll do something mischievous.