The following recording Massachusetts 2 is copyright the international dialects of English archive. When the sunlight strikes rain drops in the air, they act as a prism in the form of rainbow. The rainbow is a division of white light into many beautiful colors. These take the shape of a long, round arch with its path high above, and it's two winds apparently beyond horizon. There is, according to legend, a boiling pot of gold that went on. People look, but no one ever finds it. When a man looks for something beyond his reach, his friends say he's looking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. I would like to talk about where I grew up from up until age 12. I grew up in Andover, Massachusetts, which is approximately 24 miles north of Boston, and about less than 10 miles from the New Hampshire border. I grew up in this little town of Andover. We lived in my grandfather's home because when the day my mom got married from my past away, my mom was left to care for her father, and it was during World War II, and her sisters and brothers had all gone off to war or whatnot. So that's how it transpired that we stayed in my grandfather's home, which is in Baker's Lane, in Little Old downtown Andal. It was a wonderful place to grow up. We had a lot of kids, and it was a little dead in Lane, and in our home in particular, we had, when my grandfather grew up, cottage roses along the side fence. And they would tie this huge rope around the down trees so that it would hang into the water. So in the winter, when it froze, we could ice skate. And the younger kids could hold onto the rope so they wouldn't fall, helping to work into their balance of ice skating. It was really neat and nice. And I had bunny cages in there, and it just was a neat place to grow up. My best friend growing up was Michael Hagen. I was around doing, you know, arts and crafts, ball games, card games, whatever was happening. And then up the street from where we lived was a variety store called Chikis, and Chikin, they ran it, they were Armenian, and they had this glass case with all this penny candy. And you would go every day with your penny. And you would just pair into that glass case and think, what will I buy today? It was the biggest adventure every day. It was so inexpensive that you thought it was as grand, I don't know, as grand escape. And you never had to cross a street, it was just a delight. And we were just maybe a bit shy of the railroad tracks. This had more of a sandwich bar, and the unfriadies, people would go there for their fish. Their fried fish didn't, because two straws up was Santa. Which dominated the area, although I was a Protestant. The Catholic Church was very, you know, you were very aware of it.