This recording Massachusetts III is copyright the international dialects of English Archive. Come and get secure. Is copyright Douglas and honor off Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville? Well, as a story to you, salary peri was a veteran every nurse who had been working daily at the old zoo and it deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to study new job at a superb private practice and not square near the Duke Street tower. That area much narrower for her and more through her liking. Even so on the first morning she felt stressed. She had the old pause and took a self-in-the-marrant watch to face and a heart. She put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kitten headed for work, when she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Saturday official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising. Because normally you would only expect to see in a dog and go, Sarah was on the mantle so the smater fell sorry to the beautiful bird. Before on, that itchy goose began to stutter around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose was on a merry-powering, kept calling, coma, coma. Which Sarah thought was our choice for her name. coma was strong in huge, so it would take some force. But Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose as lower back with her a palm. Then singing a tune to her. Finally she administered either. Her efforts were not futile and no time the goose began to tie. So Sarah was able to hold onto coma and get her a laxing bath. Once Sarah had met us to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the best diagnosis. And most immediately she remembered an effective treatment to require her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah wanted this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times across the planet cell. I can't imagine paying so much for Mrs. Harrison, a monthly million dollar lawyer, thought it was a fair place for a cure. Okay I was born in Somervole, which is a city just outside of Boston. I was born in 1958 and I grew up in a town called Burlington, which is just north of the city. I went to Burlington High School and I graduated in 1977 and then I went to the Marine Corps, United States Marine Corps in 1979 and I got out in 2000, I retired in 2000. I spent my first four years in San Diego, and I spent my first four years in Camp Python, which is in San Diego. Then I went to Canyori, which is in Hawaii. I spent three years at Canyori Marine Corps, and I went to San Antonio, Texas, and taught at MP School. I was here from 89 and I went to my 86 to 89. Then I came home in the Boston on Recurring duty, which was my best duty in the Marine Corps. I loved it. It's our job here at Harvard to make sure that the students that come here. As you know, they go into the finest institution in the world. It's our job as the police here at Harvard to make sure that they can come here, get the best education known to man or woman, to do an environment that's safe and to have a little fun. I always thought that the Marine Corps was set a little bit. I could have easily made a left instead of a right in my life when. Because anyone that lives back here, here is it.