This recording, Minnesota 8, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Come and get secure. It is copyright Douglas and honor. Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duce Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and lost her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rear form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a gut. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. She had no choice for a name. Kamu was strong and huge, so it would take some force to travel, but Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, fencing a team to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the goose began to tire. So Sarah was able to hold on to Kamu and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, am. And we, one of them was a sand engineer, and I was the cinematographer and my other friend was the main actor. And we spent a whole month of January filming. I found this abandoned house and exported and filmed in there for a while. There's a red telephone in there. It's supposedly the densest place in the world. There's a restaurant there called Mr. Wong. Mr. Wong is he ran for City Council, but apparently he's in a lot trouble with the law because Mr. Wong is a money laundering operation.