This recording, Idaho 1, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and Honore. Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Comma gets a cure. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and were to her liking. Even so, on her first morning she felt stressed, she ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yell address and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma. What Sarah thought was an odd choice for her name. Comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her. But Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and later on a right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive. Either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. Yeah, so I'm from Southwest Idaho. It's out in the desert there between the Y-he mountains and I don't know the Sautooth Mountains kind of. And then just east of the Oregon border. It's where the Boise River, the Payette River, the Weasel River, all flowing to the Snake River. So it's a big confluence of a lot of rivers coming out of those mountains. Floating in the Snake, which flows into Columbia River, which goes to the Ocean. More on the other side, it must be very rural, and it's still fairly rural and cold wells, pretty rural. And so it goes from east to west, it's Boise, Meridian, Nampak, cold, well, Parma, and the Valley. On the hoods of cars and stuff, but I grew up trapping, so I did a lot of trapping out there, Fox and Kyle, and Badger and Scott, and Mink, hunting and hiking, riding horses, playing with cows, fixing fence. Yeah, that's about it, Drink, and from a ranch family. So we run cattle, beef cattle, black angus and herfords. We have in family history have had large BLM, Bureau of Lane Management, at one point it was about 35,000 acres through family divisions and all the sons and youngest sons taken certain pieces. And all that, now the family has dented, about 640 acres. Deded means we own it, we don't run cattle on public land anymore. Growing up, we would run herd of about 300 head with a cow calf operation hand. And then now all the kids have gone off and done something else. My grandpa still works the ranch, but we just lease out the land to other people to run their cattle on it and we'll see what ends up when he dies. We'll see what we do with the ranch.