This recording was gone in five, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and Honour. Jill McCuella and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah was a nurse who had been working in the newest area of the territory. She was very happy to start another new job. This time in North Square, near Duke Street Tower. On her first morning, she watched her face, put on a plain white dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah a letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because, normally, you would only expect to see it in a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sore. The goose began to spread around the office like lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harris, Harrison, kept calling comma comma. Which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Comma was a strong, was strong and huge, so it took some force to trapper. But Sarah managed by gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm and singing to her. Her efforts were not futile. Very soon, Comma began to tire and Sarah gave her a relaxing bath. Watched her and laid her on a cloth for diagnosis. Almost immediately, Sarah remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. The treatment was very expensive, but Mrs. Harrison, millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. Okay, I was born and raised in Wisconsin. I've lived on a farm nearly all my life. I think the first three or four years I lived in a cheese factory. My dad made Swiss cheese. Those are some really good memories, and then they put the plug back in and then they covered with a wax. But that's how they checked the cheese to see how it was aging. When I was about six years old, my dad left the cheese factory because of a back injury. And he started farming. My little brother that was one year old, and I loved to be outside all the time. In fact, I was probably a tomboy, and I was with my dad all the time. I got, he chased after my little brother, and I was a little, but he didn't get us, and I must run him up to the house. And I remember another incident because their bulls are something to be afraid of. We would have to go bring the cows in, and my mom couldn't drive a car, but it didn't have a license. But she learned how to drive a truck, and we would go down to the field to bring the cows in, and his bull. He would, I still remember us kids were in the back of a truck, he would head, and he was snorting, and trying to get us, and we were screaming, and mom was driving a spacer, and she could go, and that's the two things I remember back when I was young. One other thing too that was kind of fun. I wanted a horse so bad, and I was just horse crazy, that we would train our calves to ride them. In my sister, we'd play for hours down in the barn, leading our calves, running them up and everything, but when the cows come home, they get kind of excited and spunky, and they come running down through the pasture, and then they start bucking, and threw us off. So what it was fun, and it didn't stop us, we did it again and again, but we did not,