This recording, Pennsylvania 5, is copyrighted the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyrighted Douglas Ann Honoroff, Jill McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Well, here is a story for you. Sarah Purry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory, so she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in the north square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling Comma. Which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Comma was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, and then singing it tuned to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto Comma and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped off with a cloth and laid her on the right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. Many years ago, on the 4th of July, I saw Jimmy Hendrix play. It was about five or six months before he died, and what a night. The second Atlanta Georgia pop festival had about 300,000 people there. Jimmy Hendrix played on Saturday night real late. I was with a whole bunch of people, and when we heard him play, it just didn't seem real. He was barely moving about the stage. I thought it had to be backed up by tape machines. I just couldn't believe one person could be making all that noise. So I hiked all the way up to the stage, a couple hundred yards climbing over bodies and people to see with my own eyes if this was really true, and I couldn't believe it, but he was doing it. The whole thing. He played a star-spangled banner. Fireworks were going off over top of the stage. It was amazing. A few years later, I was at another big concert up in New York, and heading back out of the concert area. I was trying to get out. I'd hitchhiked in. Don't I get picked up by a great big bread van, which is holding the rolling stones inside, heading to the airport. And they gave me a ride in the back of the van. All the way to the airport, I rode with the rolling stones. The traffic was so busy that people would have stopped the limousines. There's too many people on the street. You couldn't get through an limousine. They came to like the Beatles used to do a ride and leave and bread trucks and armored cars. Lots and lots of fun. Keith Richards is a tremendous boy.