The following recording, Pencilvania IV, is copyright the international dialect of English archives. When the sunlight strikes rain drops in the air, they act as a prism and form a rainbow. The rainbow is a division of white light into many beautiful colors. These take the shape of the long-round arc arch, with its payoff high above, and it's two ends apparently beyond the horizon. There is, according to legend, a boiling pot of gold at one end. People look, but no one ever finds it. When a man looks for something beyond his reach, his friends say he is looking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. Throughout the centuries, people have explained the rainbow in various ways. Some have accepted it as a miracle without physical explanation. To the Hebrews, it was a token that there would be no more universal floods. The Greeks used to imagine that it was assigned from the gods to the gods to force out war or heavy rain. The horsemen considered the rainbow as a bridge over which the gods passed from Earth to go home in the sky. Others have tried to explain the phenomenon physically. At the end of the rainbow, the sun rays are the same. Since then, physicists have found that it is not reflection but reflection by the rain drops, which cause the rainbows. Many complicated ideas about the rainbow have been formed. The difference in the rainbow depends considerably upon the size of the drops. And the width of the colored, that's a hand. And increases at the size of the drops increases. The actual primary rainbow observed is said to be the effective superimposition of a number of bows. If the right of the second bow falls upon the green of the first, the result is to give a bow with an anomaly wide yellow band, since right in green light when mixed form yellow. This is a very common type of bow. One showing mainly right in yellow with little or no green or blue. And working in hotels or casino resorts, working with people, working with people with disabilities, wearing decaders, certain kinds of variety of different kinds of people, people with different ethnicities or things like that. Planning and booking for bankwids or special events that happen in a hotel or like shows or you know, certain things like that.