This recording, California 8, is copyright the International Dialect of English Archive. Comea gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you Sarah Perry, was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in the desert district of the territory. So she is very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her, and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning, she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror, and watched her face in a hurry. Then she put a plant, yellow dress on, and fleece jacket and picked up her kit and headed forward. Once she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah the official letter from the letter implied that an animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was a sentimental, so she made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose owner Mary Harris kept calling. While Kama would Sarah thought was odd for the name. Kama was a strong, who and huge, so it would take some force to trap her. To Sarah and the mood and had a different idea. First, she tried gently, stroking the goose lower back with her palm. Then singing a tune for her. Finally, she administered ether. Here's some effort where not futile. In no time, the goose began to tire. Sarah was able to hold onto Kama and give her a relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bait the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis almost immediately. She remembered and effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Such warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Miss Harrison, a millionaire lawyer thought it was a fair price for a cure. I am a child of eight. I am the fourth oldest, and I have two sisters and six brothers. I am counting foster children too now. I keep forgetting. We have one foster brother. So that's what makes it six. I can count. I grew up in West California. I was born in Martin Luther King Hospital. And at a young age, I've experienced a whole lot. It was a lot for five-year-old to take in. And as I grew up, I didn't really have much of a childhood as far as just doing this stuff that normal five-year-old would do. We would go play outside and you know, have fun, play on their big wheel. Me, I was trying to tackle him. Be how my brothers, they were always hanging out with these big groups of people that always were the same color. So I thought it was fun hanging with those guys. So when I was nine, in order to hang with those guys, I had to prove myself. They didn't want to be no punts. They didn't want no busters. They didn't want no marks. So I had to prove to them that I wasn't either one of those. So it was initiation, hold your own, which meant, can you withstand a beating? And at nine years old, I didn't know what I was doing. I did it. I thought it was just like a regular thing.