This recording, Alabama 2, is copyright the International Dialective English Archive. When the sunlight strikes raindrops in the air, they act as a prism in former rainbow. The rainbow is the division of white light into many beautiful colors. They take the shape of a long round arch with this path high above and it's too ends apparently beyond their horizon. There is, according to legend, a boiling pot of gold at one end. People look, but no one ever finds it. When a man looks for something beyond his reach, his friends say he is looking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. I've lived in Birmingham all of my life. My mother was originally from Michigan, but she spent most of her life down here in Alabama. And my father has always lived here. I went to Hewitt Trustville, which is a really po-dunk kind of school, but it was a lot of fun. It taught me a lot of characterization, which is very useful in theater. I'm a sophomore musical theater major here at Birmingham Southern. And I plan when I get out of school to maybe venture a little bit, maybe into Nashville, maybe Georgia, but not New York yet. It's a little scary, it's a little too big and busy for me. The characters from my school would wear cowboy boots to school and the big cowboy hats. And they'd talk about hunting all the time and what they did, how many dares they caught over the weekend and what they shot at with and do you like theirs. I'd have to say, I like them, but I don't really like to shoot them. And my great-grandmother actually was my favorite part about growing up as a child because she would always cook this incredible Thanksgiving meal. Just like her, she had the cornbread. And she's to fess at me about not eating enough every single Thanksgiving. She's like, don't you want some more stuff? Girl, you're getting skinnier every year. You just like a little bird. And she would fess at me so much, but it was one of my favorite memories. Oh, she used to love to make black-eyed peas and green beans, turkey, and ham, and a coconut cake. Coconut cream cake, every Thanksgiving, it was the best. I have two brothers, one's older and one's younger, the little one's same as Bobby. And he hasn't developed a real strong Southern accent yet, and I'm hoping he never will, but the first year I came home from college and I had all the vocal training. He looked at me and I had said something to him and he looked at me and he was like, you done lost your accent? And I was like, Bobby, I wasn't aware that I ever had an accent. And he was, oh, yeah, you did. So he laughed at me a lot. And he calls me hoity-toity now because I don't talk with the Southern accent. I didn't have to work as hard as other people do. I still, I hear it in my voice sometimes. And I try really hard not to let it come through. But I kind of appreciate it. I think it adds more voice to my, more character to my voice. And I kind of cherish it.