This recording, Alabama 1, is copyrighted the International Direct of English Archive. If the red of the second bow falls upon the green of the first, the result is to give a bow with an abnormally wide yellow band since red and green light when mixed, form yellow. This is a very common type of bow, one showing mainly red and yellow with little or no green or blue. I was born and raised in a small town just outside of Birmingham called Adamsville. There was about 250 people in the entire town, little tiny place, everybody knew everything about everybody, which is probably effects of a lot of how I am today, kind of keeping everything quiet so the neighbors won't find out. Now I am a senior theater major at Birmingham Southern with no clue about what I am going to do when I get out of here. But I live with my parents and my grandmother. We all live together and it has been that way for about 10 years now. It is kind of weird because you see people out with their families, usually the parents and the kids sitting at the table in the restaurant or whatever. You look over and see my family and my parents and me sitting next to my grandmother with her big white hair. She always orders the same thing at restaurants, salad and baked potato. She grew up in Mississippi so she doesn't eat a lot of meat. She only eats things that have been pulled directly from the ground, unless she is cooked herself. Then she will open up the can and fix it right. That is one good thing about growing up with a grandmother and the cooking is always wonderful. My mom unfortunately has fallen out of practice of cooking and she is like, oh well I guess I will just get a mother to do it because I can't do anything anymore. I guess that is where I get most of my accent which is a lot thicker when I talk about them. When I talk to them it is even thicker. I guess being in the theater I have tried my best to be able to hide it as much as possible. But it still sneaks in there occasionally. My favorite food, oh goodness there are so many. I guess it would have to be my grandmother's cornbread. She makes the best cornbread in the world, in a skillet, in the oven. It is all crispy all over. Not these little muffins that you get in the restaurant. It has got to be this big loaf of cornbread cut in little wedges and it is so soft in the middle and so crispy and almost burnt on the outside. It is just incredible. It is the best thing in the world.