This recording, main 3, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comea gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and Honroff, Jill McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's the story for you. Sarah Perry was of that narrowiness who had been working daily at an old zoo in the deserted district of the territory. So, she was very happy to start a new job at the woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful beard. Which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner Mary Harrison kept saying, Comea, comea, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Comea was a strong and huge, so it would take some force to trap her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she gradually stroking the goose, lower back with her palm. Then seeing her tuned her. Finally, she administered it to her efforts, but not futile. In no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold into Comea and give her a relaxing birth. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off of the cloth and later on the right side. Then Sarah confirmed that that's diagnosis. Almost immediately she remembered an effective treatment. There required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive either. She was going to melt, which is a section of the town in Northernboro in the state of Maine. On the 15th of November, 1915, my father at the time was working in the factory. I was always worked, and I remember her having a basketball team. My father also owned an island on Demer, which was about eight miles from the place where we live. Because we were right on the edge of the lake where I was born. The house belonged to my grandparents. And I was born there in the front room. My father got the island that he owned by eminent domain. Nobody wanted the island to on the lake at that time. I was all camped there and it was still using. That was probably in 1913. The chimney was built. Maybe that was not just about the past four months. That was like a drum stop and it ran great and that was just very good. It was unbelievable for the hard work of all the paper that was being done. I think the only way was it could be an animal and a quality of that.,,,,,,