This recording, North Carolina 11, is copyright the international dialect of English Archive. Come against a cure is copyright Douglas and honor off Gilmour-Cuella and Barbara Somerville. Well here's a story for you. Sarah was a nurse who had been working in a deserted district of the territory for a long time, so she was very happy to start a new job in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer to her, farer and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She checked herself in the mirror and she washed her face in the hurry. Then she put on a plain white dress and a furry yellow, fleeced jacket. Picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah a letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and map disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a goat. Sarah was sentimental so this might her feel sorry for the bird. Soon the goose began to straddle around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mass. The goose is owner, Mary Harrison kept calling, comma, comma. Which, Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name, comma was strong and huge, so it took some force to trap her, but Sarah managed to manage by gentleness. The goose is lower back with her palm and singing to her. Her efforts were not to you. Very soon the goose began to tire and say, or gave her a relaxing bath. Then she laid, comma, on a cloth far diagnosis. Almost immediately, Sarah remembered, and we've always had something, some vehicle just rotting down in our yard. For some reason, rather than it seems to make the grass grow, or either it makes the rest of us realize that we don't lay a forever. But we had my husband Mark, was a very well-he was right, exciting. I never was bored with him to take his truth, but anyway, we had been keeping a white poo. That had been given to our daughter for a wedding present by her mother-in-law. My daughter and her husband were in Chapel Hill at the time, which is a whole lot harder than our native climate. And so Mark had gotten attached to the dog, and so he decided that he would didn't want the dogs stay in Chapel Hill, but he wanted to keep it here with us. He slept on top of the bed, if Mark wanted home, which he was traveling, and he would know sometimes. But anyway, that would sleep on top of the bed, and he wasn't very under the bed when he was there. Well, this Sunday morning that I'm talking about. Well, Mark took Siri, and he said, come on Siri, we're going over to come on, we're going to ride in the truck. And he sat up straight in the front seat,. So I went over to the New York Inn, which is right in the middle of town on the square. I should say on the square in the middle of town. But anyway, he always went over and sat with the top down on his convertible, but this flat straw had on and arose, but it was. In his Vapale, and so Mark always, I mean, at this time he was going to show out, I think, you know, try to embarrass the family. Because he got Siri no in the truck, and they were going over and about the time church lit out. And he was going to pass by the church and drive on the ramp to the end, so that he would embarrass,, and he started to get out of the car, and they got around the corner, and the motor died. Well, he said,