This recording North Carolina 9 is copyrighted the international dialects of English archive. Come and get to cure his copyright, Douglas and honor off, Jill McCuller and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sara was a nurse who had been working in a deserted district of the territory for a long time. So she was very happy to start a new job in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and bought her her liking. Even so, on her first morning she felt stressed. She checked herself in the mirror and washed her face and her hurried. Then she put on a plain white dress and a furry yellow fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sara a letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot-math disease, which was surprising. Because normally you would only expect to see it on a goat. Sara was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the bird. Soon that goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's honor, Mary Harrison, Kip. With Sara thought it was an odd choice for a name. Karma was strong and huge, so it took some force to trap her, but Sara managed by a gentlest stroke. The goose is lower back with a palm and singing to her. Her efforts were not feudal. The goose began to tie and Sara gave her a relaxing bath. Then she laid karma on a cloth for diagnosis.. The boy of about 11, 11 in East North Carolina on. When I lay in bed at night, I could hear, but in the room below me the sword machine running. And I knew that she was so indulged, and other gifts for the children. I wanted to say it in a strong clear voice, and I knew that mother would be proud of me. That evening I lay in front of the fire and looked at the male or a catalog. I looked at them with curiosity, but not with any expectation of receiving any of the toys. She did not have anything just.