This recording, California 19, is copyright the International Dialects of English Archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas N. Anrov, Gil McCullough, and Barbara Somerville. Comma gets a cure. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinary nurse who had been working daily in an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street tower. That area was much nearer for her, and more to her liking. Even so, on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit, and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot and mouth disease, which was surprising, because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this made her feel sorry for the beautiful bird. For long that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mass. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling comma comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Commo was strong and huge, so it would take some force to trapper, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ether. Her efforts were not futile. In no time the goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold on to comma and give her a relaxing bath. One Sarah managed to bathe the goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on the right side. Then Sarah confirmed the vet's diagnosis. Almost immediately, she remembered an effective treatment that required her to measure out a lot of medicine. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the consequences of selling. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, thought it was a fair price for a cure. Well, I was born in East Hollywood and raised in West Hollywood in Southern California. I supposedly spent my first year in Manhattan Beach, but I don't recall it. But we were raised in a duplex on Havenhurst Drive, 1044 North Havenhurst Drive, near Chris and Heights in Santa Monica, right there in the heart of what's now West Hollywood its own municipality. I remember we used to do in Santa Monica Boulevard, there used to be train tracks. And I remember the last train going from Santa Monica to downtown might still be some Ramanate train tracks, or even a building you can see a circular building off of Santa Monica where you could recognize that the train would turn into and it was some sort of depot. I lived there, all my childhood and my teenage years. And we moved out. I guess I was around 18. When I finally got my own place and that would be the short story. And East Hollywood closer to where I was born.