This recording, California 21, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comma gets a cure, is copyright Douglas and honor of Gil McCullough and Barbara Somerville. Well, here's a story for you. Sarah Perry was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district of the territory. So she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much nearer for her and more to her liking. Even so on her first morning she felt stressed. She ate a bowl of porridge, checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. Then she put on a plain yellow dress and a fleece jacket, picked up her kit and headed for work. When she got there, there was a woman with a goose waiting for her. The woman gave Sarah an official letter from the vet. The letter implied that the animal could be suffering from a rare form of foot in mouth disease, which was surprising because normally you would only expect to see it in a dog or a goat. Sarah was sentimental, so this meter feels sorry for the beautiful bird. Before long, that itchy goose began to strut around the office like a lunatic, which made an unsanitary mess. The goose's owner, Mary Harrison, kept calling, comma, comma, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Comma was strong in huge, so it would take some force to track her. But Sarah had a different idea. First, she tried gently stroking the goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally, she administered ether. Sarah warned that this course of treatment might be expensive, either five or six times the cost of penicillin. I can't imagine paying so much, but Mrs. Harrison, a millionaire lawyer, but it was a fair price for a cure. I was born in a place that is found me. It's located in southern California, a little bit north of Los Angeles. It's a very residential area. It has a university, it has a few community colleges. And overall, I think it's a really special place. It's incredibly diverse with people from different countries, different religions, different cultural backgrounds. And it's something I've always really appreciated about home. I did grow up in a neighborhood that was primarily Spanish speaking with immigrants from Wadimala in Salvador, Mexico, like my own parents. And I think that that made for a really unique or better special experience. I was able to connect with other kids about where our parents were where they might have been from. And we got to bond over things like music and food and travel. I have a specific memory of explaining to a friend that every summer we drove down to Mexico, because my family's from a border town. And it took six or seven hours and she, she couldn't believe it. Her family must have been from from southern Mexico, because she explained that it takes a whole day just to fly, how could we possibly drive? And I think that was the beginning of when I really started thinking of like, oh, yeah, Mexico is a different place. I never considered that I have a level of Spanish. I think I have a level of good or a level that is very useful and that I can express myself in a correct way. But I learned from Spanish in the early 1970s, so after they joined Flute Des, this was really acceptable and I have to use my language throughout all my classes in secondary and right above everything in this future where I almost never spoke in Spanish. In a month and a month and a half, nearly half was потер what I expected there. So I improved and he.... It might be a strange thing, but sometimes it's this way. I think it's the same as the Supreme Spirit. It's like an American, but it also uses these three things that have been understood from somewhere since the aforementioned.