This recording, California 4, is copyright the international dialects of English archive. Comic get secure is copyright Douglas and honor of jail McCullough and Barbara Summerville. Comic gets secure. Well, here's a story for you, Sarah Perry, was a veterinarian nurse who had been working daily at an old zoo in a deserted district for the territory, and she was very happy to start a new job at a superb private practice in North Square near the Duke Street Tower. That area was much near for her and more to her liking. She was so on her first morning, she felt stressed, and she had a bowl of porridge checked herself in the mirror and washed her face in a hurry. The Goose began to straddle around the office like a lunatic, which made it uncentitary mess. The Goose owner Mary Harrison kept calling, Comic, which Sarah thought was an odd choice for a name. Comic was strong and huge, so it takes some time. It would take some force to chop her, but Sarah had a different idea. First she tried gently stroking the Goose's lower back with her palm, then singing a tune to her. Finally she administered either, ethyr. Her efforts were not futile, and no time the Goose began to tire, so Sarah was able to hold onto Comic and get her relaxing bath. Once Sarah had managed to bathe the Goose, she wiped her off with a cloth and laid her on her right beside. Well, I lived in Indiana for about two years, and then I moved to Boston, Massachusetts, and I lived there until about five, and then I moved to San Ramon in San Francisco, and I was there for a couple of years when I moved to Thousand Oaks when I was eight, I'm living here in person. My mom grew up in Georgia, Savannah. So, we just, we just, we were just, we were all there, and one little house, which was so fun. We went, my grandparents wanted to go off course, so we got to drive around in their golf golfing, and go swimming, and go to their roots, their club, for mothers they had brunch there, and hung out a lot, and just my grandparents watched the news a lot, seeing it is always on. So, I got to head chef, with my world news, and it was really, it was too short, but I think my mom and I are going to go back and July. So, we're going to try to make an effort to get to see them work. Because my grandparents and me, eight, three, and July, yeah.